"A magneto-resistance effect device (1) includes a semiconductor region
     (2) having a surface provided with a plurality of isolated metal
     micro-particles (3) of not more than 100 .mu.m disposed at intervals of
     not more than 1 .mu.m, a semiconductor or half-metal cap layer (4) for
     covering the semiconductor region and a plurality of electrodes (5)
     disposed on a surface of the cap layer and separated from each other. The
     device exhibits a high magneto-resistance effect at room temperature, is
     highly sensible to a magnetic field and can be produced through a simple
     manufacturing process. The device is formed of a magneto-resistant
     material easy to match a semiconductor fabrication process. A magnetic
     field sensor using the device (1) has various excellent characteristics."
"An apparatus including a device such as a catheter or guidewire having
     dimensions suitable for percutaneous delivery to a patient; and a
     magnetic resonance (MR) compatible antenna associated with the device in
     a manner that provides a prescribed radial and/or longitudinal
     orientation of the antenna at a point of interest within a blood vessel
     of a patient. An antenna suitable for radial and/or longitudinal
     orientation. A method including inserting a medical device having an
     antenna capable of transmitting radio frequency signals in a blood vessel
     of a patient and radially and/or longitudinally orienting the antenna at
     a point of interest within a blood vessel of a patient."
"An invasive device having an inductive coupling element. One embodiment
     of the invasive device includes a plurality of receive coils inductively
     coupled to a communicating coil. The receive coils are selectively tuned
     and detuned to receive MR signals for providing coordinate information
     used for device tracking. A second embodiment of the invasive device
     includes a receive coil having a plurality of winding elements separated
     from each other by different distances. A method of rapidly acquiring
     both the invasive device orientation and position information to
     dynamically adapt MR scan planes to continuously follow the invasive
     device relative to a target is provided. The target-navigation technique
     automatically defines the MR scan plane and a time domain multiplexing
     technique is applied for MR imaging and device tracking. Using these
     techniques, the acquired MR images shows both the invasive device and the
     target tissue."
"The invention relates to a vessel filter comprising at least one
     conductor loop (21) which forms the inductance of an electric resonance
     circuit. According to the invention, the conductor loop (21) forms the
     vessel filter or parts of a vessel filter. The invention provides a
     vessel filter which is characterized by good mechanical properties,
     especially a high degree of flexibility and stability, offering good
     representability in MR imaging systems."
"A device and method for targeting objects and specifically for locating
     intramedullary screw openings is described. The device and method include
     a target magnet and a sensor comprising an elliptical array of
     magnetoresistive elements, designed to give information on the
     three-dimensional orientation of the magnet. The sensor array is designed
     such that each magnetoresistive element is a member of an opposing pair
     and relays information on their alignment with the target magnet. The
     array is connected to a display such that the position of the sensor in
     relation to the target magnet is easily discerned. The invention is
     lightweight and portable, capable of operating on batteries and can be
     used in primitive situations where a stable supply of electricity is not
     available."
"An MR system features an intracavity probe and associated interface
     device. The probe includes a shaft, a balloon at one end thereof, and a
     coil loop within the balloon. The loop has two drive capacitors and a
     tuning capacitor, all of which in series. A junction node between the
     drive capacitors serves as a ground for electrically balancing the loop.
     Diametrically opposite the node, the tuning capacitor enables the loop to
     resonate at the operating frequency of the MR system. The interface
     allows the MR system to couple the loop to a port of the MR system during
     a receive cycle thereof and decouple it from the port during a transmit
     cycle thereof. With its balloon inserted and inflated within a cavity of
     a patient, the probe allows the MR system to generate images and/or
     spectra of the region of interest using the MR signals received by the
     loop."
"A read/write head for a disk drive having a magnetoresistive (MR) read
     element and an inductive write element suitable for perpendicular
     recording of data onto a disk having a media layer in which the data is
     stored perpendicularly to the planar surface of the disk and a soft
     underlayer (SUL) underneath the media layer to provide a low reluctance
     return path for the magnetic recording field. The write element is formed
     on top of a substrate, with the read element on top of the write element
     on the other side of the write element from the substrate. A pancake
     write coil coils around a magnetic via that either connects to a write
     shield adjacent to the read element in one embodiment or directly to one
     of the read shields in a second embodiment."
"For the purpose of acquiring three-dimensional data for a
     contrast-enhanced image at an appropriate scan plane distance even for a
     different moving rate of an ultrasonic probe or for a different subject
     or imaged region, an ultrasonic diagnostic apparatus comprises: an image
     producing section for producing an image based on received data obtained
     from one scan plane; a correlation value calculating section for
     calculating a correlation value between images; a low-MI scan control
     section for repeatedly conducting a scan with such a low MI value as not
     break contrast agent until a correlation value between an initial image
     and a current image becomes smaller than a threshold; and a high-MI scan
     control section for, when the correlation value becomes smaller than the
     threshold, capturing one image with such a high MR value as to break
     contrast agent and returning control to the low-MI scan control section."
"A magnetic sensor having adjustable electrical dimensions, such as
     electrical read width and electrical stripe height, is disclosed. The
     magnetic sensor includes a sensor stack with one or more bias electrodes
     positioned with respect to the sensor stack. The electrical width or
     electrical stripe height of the sensor stack is a function of a voltage
     applied to the bias electrodes. The electric field produced by the bias
     electrodes alters the electrical profile of the magnetoresistive device."
"An online Blood Oxygenation Level-Dependent (BOLD)-magnetic resonance
     imaging (MRI) method for functional clinical guidance or monitoring a
     therapeutic modality involving treatment by a sensitizer which, upon
     excitation by the appropriate sensitizing radiation, initiates local
     oxygen consumption, comprising: (i) generating a BOLD-weighted MR-image
     of the target region of interest within the patient's body (time
     t.sub.0); (ii) administering said sensitizer to the patient; (iii)
     irradiating the target region while the patient is subjected to
     continuous MR imaging; (iv) generating a sole or a plurality of T2*
     weighted sequential BOLD MR-images during and/or after irradiation (time
     t); (v) processing the data generated at time t.sub.0 and time t and
     generating a color-coded difference or ratio map on a pixel by pixel
     basis; and (vi) analyzing the processed data. The method is preferably
     applied to photodynamic therapy (PDT)."
"A magnetic resonance imaging apparatus includes an RF coil unit which
     generates RF pulses toward a subject, and which receives an MR signal
     from the subject. Gradient magnetic field coils generate a gradient
     magnetic field for slice selection, a gradient magnetic field for phase
     encoding and a gradient magnetic field for frequency encoding,
     respectively. An arithmetic unit generates image data on the basis of the
     MR signal, and a sequence controller controls phase encoding gradient
     magnetic field coils in order to generate flow pulses for dephasing or
     rephasing the MR spin of blood flow within the subject, in the same
     direction as that of the phase encoding gradient magnetic field."
"This document discusses, among other things, fiducial marker devices,
     tools, and methods. One example illustrates a combined computed
     tomography (CT) imagable fiducial locator head, an integral bone screw,
     and an integral divot for receiving a positioning wand of an image-guided
     surgical (IGS) workstation. A further example includes a
     fluid/gel-absorbing coating or cover into which a magnetic resonance (MR)
     imagable fluid is introduced, thereby permitting both CT and MR imaging.
     Protective caps and collars may be used to protect the fiducial marker
     from mechanical impact and/or to guide the fiducial marker during
     affixation. A bull's-eye or other template is used to select a center of
     a substantially spherical fiducial marker head on an image, such as for
     use during patient registration."
"A magnetic memory device comprises magneto-resistance elements each
     including a cylindrical fixed magnetization layer, an insulating film
     which covers an external surface of the fixed magnetization layer, and a
     free magnetization layer which faces the fixed magnetization layer
     through the insulating film and covers a surface of the insulating film,
     wherein a magnetization direction of the fixed magnetization layer is
     parallel to a central axis direction of the cylinder."
"A magnetoresistive reader having a sensor, current contacts with low
     parasitic resistance and a top shield with substantially planar topology
     is fabricated by first defining a stripe height back edge of the sensor.
     Next, a reader width of the sensor is defined. The current contacts are
     deposited to a thickness such that a top surface of the current contacts
     is substantially level with a top surface of the sensor. The top shield
     is deposited over the sensor and the current contacts. Defining the
     stripe height back edge prior to the reader width results in current
     contacts with low parasitic resistance and inhibits the formation of
     magnetic domains in the top shield."
"Nanotechnology methods for creating stoichiometric and non-stoichiometric
     substances with unusual combination of properties by lattice level
     composition engineering are described. The modified properties described
     include electrical conductivity, dielectric constant, dielectric
     strength, dielectric loss, polarization, permittivity, critical current,
     superconductivity, piezoelectricity, mean free path, curie temperature,
     critical magnetic field, permeability, coercive force, magnetostriction,
     magnetoresistance, hall coefficient, BHmax, critical temperature, melting
     point, boiling point, sublimation point, phase transformation condition,
     vapor pressure, anisotropy, adhesion, density, hardness, ductility,
     elasticity, porosity, strength, toughness, surface roughness, coefficient
     of thermal expansion, thermal conductivity, specific heat, latent heat,
     refractive index, absorptivity, emissivity, dispersivity, scattering,
     polarization, acidity, basicity, catalysis, reactivity, energy density,
     activation energy, free energy, entropy, frequency factor, bioactivity,
     biocompatibility, thermal coefficient of any property and pressure
     coefficient of any property."
"A read sensor for a magneto resistive head is formed through the use of a
     bilayer lift-off mask. According to one embodiment, a release layer is
     formed on top of a sensor layer. A silicon-containing resist layer is
     formed over the release layer. The resist layer is patterned according to
     the desired dimensions of the read sensor. Then, plasma etching, such as
     oxygen plasma etching, is used to remove the portion of the release layer
     that is exposed by removal of resist material. The release layer may be
     etched to undercut the patterned resist layer, or may entirely removed
     beneath the patterned resist layer to provide a bridge of the resist
     material. In either case, isotropic plasma etching, anisotropic plasma
     etching, or some combination thereof may be applied."
"Magnetic or magnetoresistive random access memories (MRAMs) are
     implemented in a variety of arrangements and methods. Using one such
     arrangement, a matrix is implemented with magnetoresistive memory cells
     logically organized in rows and columns, each memory cell including a
     magnetoresistive element. The matrix has a set of column lines, a column
     line being a continuous conductive strip which is magnetically coupled to
     the magnetoresistive element of each of the memory cells of a column,
     wherein each column line has a forward column line and a return column
     line arranged on opposite sides of the magnetoresistive element and
     offset from one another for forming a return path for current in that
     column line."
"The invention is an apparatus and method for treatments and targeted drug
     delivery into a living patient, particularly but not exclusively using
     magnetic resonance (MR) imaging. The apparatus and method are useful in
     delivery to all types of living tissue and uses MR Imaging to track the
     location of drug delivery and estimating the rate of drug delivery. An
     MR-visible drug delivery device positioned at a target site (e.g.,
     intracranial delivery) delivers a diagnostic or therapeutic drug solution
     into the tissue (e.g., the brain). The spinal distribution kinetics of
     the injected or infused drug agent are monitored quantitatively and
     non-invasively using water proton directional diffusion MR imaging to
     establish the efficacy of drug delivery at a targeted location."
"A magnetoresistive layer system, in an environment of a magnetoresistive
     layer stack that works particularly on the basis of the GMR effect or the
     AMR effect, a layer array being provided which generates a magnetic field
     which acts upon the magnetoresistive layer stack, and the layer array
     having at least one hard magnetic layer and at least one soft magnetic
     layer. Furthermore, a sensor element, particularly for the detection of
     magnetic fields with respect to their strength and/or direction, having
     such a layer system."
"A magnetoresistive device with a spin valve formed from a stack of layers
     including at least two magnetic layers for which the relative orientation
     of their magnetization directions can vary under the influence of a
     magnetic field, and comprising means of circulating a current in the spin
     valve transverse to the plane of the layers. The spin valve comprises at
     least one discontinuous dielectric or semiconducting layer in the stack,
     with electrically conducting bridges passing through the thickness of the
     dielectric or semiconducting layer, these bridges being designed to
     locally concentrate the current that passes transversely through the
     stack. Application particularly suitable for magnetic read heads, and
     random access memories."
"A Magneto-Optoelectronic Device MOD (10) includes a magnetic sensing
     device (12), such as a magnetoresistive device or a magnetic tunnel
     junction device, that is combined with a semiconductor light emitter
     (14), such as a LED or a laser diode, to create a compact integrated
     device where changes in an ambient magnetic field are expressed as
     changes in an optical beam intensity emanating from the MOD. Using the
     MOD (10) the magnetic field related information can be transmitted by a
     light wave over very large distances through some medium (34), for
     example, through free space and/or through an optical fiber."
"An enhanced giant magnetoresistive device, and a method of manufacturing
     the same. The enhanced giant magnetoresistive (GMR) device includes a
     substrate over which is formed a seed layer. A buffer-oxide layer is
     formed over the seed layer. Formed over the buffer-oxide layer is a GMR
     stack. The GMR stack is formed as a three layer sandwich in which the two
     outside layers are fabricated from ferromagnetic materials, and the inner
     layer or spacer layer is formed from non-magnetic, conducting materials.
     The GMR stack may also take the form of spin valves, and/or other GMR
     stacks. The buffer-oxide layer may be various thicknesses and provide
     desirable texturing or non-waviness, both of which may allow for a thin
     spacer layer. Further, the buffer-oxide layer may be configured to
     prevent Neel-type-orange-peel coupling from dominating RKKY coupling in
     the GMR device, which may allow for a thin spacer layer."
"Featured are devices, systems and methods for localized heating of a
     vessel as well as devices, systems and methods for MR/NMR imaging of a
     vessel while locally heating a portion of the vessel. More particularly
     featured are such devices, systems and methods for use when administering
     or delivering therapeutic agents including genes and/or drugs to the
     tissues of the vessel. Such a method includes positioning a thermal
     energy delivery device proximal a target site with the vessel of a body
     and activating the thermal energy delivery device so as to heat the
     target site thereby locally increasing a temperature of tissue at the
     target site. In further embodiments, the method includes introducing a
     therapeutic medium to the target site over a predetermined time period,
     and wherein said activating occurs at least one of before, during or
     after said step of introducing."
"Arrangement for measuring the angular position of an object, using planar
     magnetoresistive sensors (6, 9) through which an electric current flows
     and which are arranged in a magnetic field which is parallel to their
     respective planes, which magnetic field is generated by an arrangement of
     magnets (4, 14) rotatably journaled eccentrically on a shaft (11), the
     angular position of the shaft (11) corresponding to that of the object to
     be measured."
"For the inspection of materials and the detection and characterization of
     hidden objects, features, or flaws sensors and sensor arrays are used to
     image form two-dimensional images suitable for characterizing the hidden
     features. Magnetic field or eddy current based inductive and giant
     magnetoresistive sensors may be used on magnetizable and conducting
     materials, while capacitive sensors can be used for dielectric materials.
     Enhanced drive windings and electrode structures permit nulling or
     cancellation of local fields in the vicinity of the sense elements to
     increase sensor sensitivity. The addition of calibration windings, which
     are not energized during measurements, allows absolute impedance and
     material property measurements with nulled sensors. Sensors, sensor
     arrays, and support fixtures are described which permit relative motion
     between the drive and sense elements. This facilitates the volumetric
     reconstruction of hidden features and objects."
"A method for writing to the magnetoresistive memory cells of a MRAM
     memory, includes applying write currents respectively onto a word line
     and a bit line. A superposition of the magnetic fields generated by the
     write currents in each memory cell selected by the corresponding word
     lines and bits lines alter a direction of the magnetization thereof.
     According to the method, the write currents are applied in a
     chronologically offset manner, to the corresponding word line and the bit
     line whereby the direction of magnetization of the selected memory cell
     is rotated in several consecutive steps in the desired direction for
     writing a logical ""0"" or ""1""."
"A hand operated device for controlling characteristics of a magnetic
     resonance (""MR"") image is disclosed. One characteristic that the hand
     operated device is particularly suited to control is the oblique angle
     the MR image slice. In one embodiment, the device comprises a planar
     member, such a plate, rotatably coupled to a supporting member. The
     supporting member may be a longitudinal member supported by a base.
     Rotation of the plate is detected by detectors coupled to an MRI system.
     The oblique angle of an MRI image is changed based on the rotation of the
     plate, as detected by the detectors. The supporting member may be
     telescoping and the depression and retraction of to the plate towards and
     away from the base may be used to vary the depth of the image slice. The
     telescoping feature can also be used vary other image characteristics,
     such as slice thickness, field of view and resolution, for example, in
     addition to or instead of slice depth. Buttons may also be provided on
     the plate to select a coronal, saggital or axial alignment of the slice
     image. Methods of conducting MRI scans, and MRI systems including the
     hand operated device are also disclosed. The device, methods and systems
     of the invention are particularly suitable for use by a surgeon during a
     surgical procedure, to obtain magnetic resonance images of a site of
     interest in a desired orientation."
"A magneto-resistance device is composed of an anti-ferromagnetic layer
     (5), a pinned ferromagnetic layer (20), a tunnel insulating layer (9) and
     a free ferromagnetic layer (21). The pinned ferromagnetic layer (20) is
     connected to the anti-ferromagnetic layer (5) and has a fixed spontaneous
     magnetization. The tunnel insulating layer (9) is connected to the pinned
     ferromagnetic layer (20) and is non-magnetic. The free ferromagnetic
     layer (21) is connected to the tunnel insulating layer (9) and has a
     reversible free spontaneous magnetization. The pinned ferromagnetic layer
     (20) has a first composite magnetic layer (6) to prevent at lest one
     component of the anti-ferromagnetic layer (5) from diffusing into tunnel
     insulating layer (9)."
"When an idle seek operation of a magnetic disk drive is executed under a
     velocity control utilizing a back electromotive force of a VCM actuator,
     the accuracy of the velocity control is deteriorated due to temperature
     variation of the VCM. To eliminate this disadvantage, a calibration of
     the velocity control is executed by using control information, such as a
     track number read from the magnetic disk medium. After the velocity
     control has been executed for an appointed period, by detecting the back
     electromotive force from the VCM actuator, an MR sense current and a
     power of a read write LSI are turned on for a time, positioning
     information on the magnetic disk medium is read out, parameters to be
     used for the velocity control are calibrated, and thus a stability of the
     control can be obtained. Hereby, because the positioning information on
     the magnetic disk medium is not used constantly, the power consumption
     during the idle seek operation is reduced, and a stable control of the
     movement can be obtained as well. For a portable system such as a
     notebook type personal computer in which a magnetic disk drive is
     employed, the operation is improved with respect to the use of a battery."
"What is described is a magnetoresistive sensor for operation with a
     magnetized encoder, which is equipped with a zone with magnetic north and
     south poles arranged alternately along a direction of motion, comprising
     a Wheatstone bridge configuration with a first bridge arm between a first
     supply terminal and a first signal output terminal of the Wheatstone
     bridge configuration, a second bridge arm between the first supply
     terminal and a second signal output terminal of the Wheatstone bridge
     configuration, a third bridge arm between a second supply terminal and
     the first signal output terminal of the Wheatstone bridge configuration,
     and a fourth bridge arm between the second supply terminal and the second
     signal output terminal of the Wheatstone bridge configuration, wherein
     each of the bridge arms comprises an ohmic resistance element with a
     resistance-value dependence on the magnetic field strength of a magnetic
     field influencing the ohmic resistance element in accordance with a
     defined characteristic. For a further reduction in the spatial
     dimensions, the characteristics of the ohmic resistance elements in the
     first and fourth bridge arms are selected to be at least essentially
     matching with each other and significantly different from the
     characteristics, selected to be at least essentially matching with each
     other, of the ohmic resistance elements in the second and third bridge
     arms."
"A computer based system and method of visualizing a region using multiple
     image data sets is provided. The method includes acquiring first
     volumetric image data of a region and acquiring at least second
     volumetric image data of the region. The first image data is generally
     selected such that the structural features of the region are readily
     visualized. At least one control point is determined in the region using
     an identifiable structural characteristic discernable in the first
     volumetric image data. The at least one control point is also located in
     the at least second image data of the region such that the first image
     data and the at least second image data can be registered to one another
     using the at least one control point. Once the image data sets are
     registered, the registered first image data and at least second image
     data can be fused into a common display data set. The multiple image data
     sets have different and complimentary information to differentiate the
     structures and the functions in the region such that image segmentation
     algorithms and user interactive editing tools can be applied to obtain 3d
     spatial relations of the components in the region. Methods to correct
     spatial inhomogeneity in MR image data is also provided."
"The lower electrode is at least exposed at the surface of a substructure
     layer in a current-perpendicular-to-the-plane structure magnetoresistive
     element. A resist is formed to extend over the surface of the
     substructure layer. A patterning void is defined in the resist. The shape
     of the patterning void is designed to correspond to the contour of the
     magnetoresistive multilayered film. The magnetoresistive multilayered
     film is formed by deposition within the patterning void. This method
     enables avoidance of a dry etching process effected on the
     magnetoresistive multilayered film. Scrapings or waste of the
     magnetoresistive multilayered film are not generated at all. The side
     surfaces of the magnetoresistive multilayered film are completely
     prevented from attachment or adhesion of scrapings or waste. The side
     surfaces of the magnetoresistive multilayered film are kept stainless."
"The device for sensing a magnetic field comprises a closed
     superconducting pick-up loop (1) having a path width (d) etched out of a
     single layer superconducting thin film and provided with a constriction
     (15) having a width (w) of narrow dimension smaller than the path width
     (d). The closed superconducting pick-up loop (1) constitutes a
     flux-to-field transformer (FFDT). At least one magnetoresistive element
     (2) is placed on top of or below the superconducting thin film, is
     isolated from the superconducting thin film by a thin insulating layer
     and is located so that an active part of the magnetoresistive element (2)
     is at the location of the constriction (15) and has a width equal to or
     less than the width of the constriction (15). The active part of the
     magnetoresistive element (2) is oriented so that the bias current in this
     active part is directed essentially along the constriction (15),
     orthogonally to the width of narrow dimension."
"Methods and apparatus are provided for testing a magnetoresistive random
     access memory (MRAM). A magnetoresistive tunnel junction (MTJ) has a
     first terminal, a second terminal, and a third terminal. A source
     measuring unit is coupled to a first terminal of a MTJ to provide DC
     biasing. A current preamp has an input coupled to a third terminal of the
     MTJ for receiving current corresponding to a resistance of the MTJ. A
     pulse generator is AC coupled to the MTJ for programming the MTJ. A
     method of insitu testing a MTJ in a manufacturing environment uses a
     probe station coupled to the MTJ. A probe station couples to the MTJ. The
     MTJ is DC biased for generating a current corresponding to the logic
     level stored in the MTJ. A pulse for programming the MTJ is AC coupled to
     the MTJ."
"A perfusion image is produced by acquiring a series of time course MR
     images from an imaging slice. During the acquisition spins flowing into
     the slice are repeatedly tagged with an RF tagging pulse having a flip
     angle that is modulated according to a tagging pattern. Voxels in the
     series of reconstructed MR images having signals which vary according to
     the tagging pattern indicate perfusion. Perfusion images indicating
     either flow or velocity are produced."
"The present invention provides an atlas comprising values representative
     of magnetic resonance properties of a magnetic resonance (MR) scan and
     optionally, prior probability data relating to tissue type. Further
     embodiments of the invention involve a system including an MR scanner and
     the atlas for use in alignment of an MR scan, such as a localizer scan,
     to obtain a specific geometry of the data acquired during a subsequent
     scan. Also, a system includes an MR scanner and the atlas for automatic
     segmentation of an MR scan. Methods of making and using the atlas and
     system are also provided."
"A magnetoresistive read/write head includes an integral top and side
     shields deposited on top of and substantially surrounding the multiple
     layers of the MR sensor stack. Such a design is particularly advantageous
     in CPP designs in which the only spacing necessary between the side
     shields and the bottom shield is due to a gap layer. The integral top and
     side shields design works both with CPP heads having pile bias
     stabilization as well as those having permanent magnet abutted junctions
     or patterned exchange bias stabilization. In addition, the design is also
     advantageous in CIP heads having permanent magnet abutted junctions or
     patterned exchange bias stabilization. In this latter embodiment, it may
     be possible to reduce the profile of the permanent magnet and any
     conductors to increase the efficacy of the side shields."
"A method for producing a stress impedance effect element, the method
     including: connecting opposite ends of a magnetostrictive amorphous thin
     wire and respective electrodes by ultrasonic bonding; forming a groove in
     an elastic thin substrate having a thermal expansion coefficient equal to
     that of the magnetostrictive amorphous thin wire; installing the
     magnetostrictive amorphous thin wire in the groove; and bonding together
     the magnetostrictive amorphous thin wire and the elastic thin substrate
     by applying an insulating adhesive across the magnetoresistive amorphous
     thin wire."
"Write characteristics and read characteristics can be improved at the
     same time by applying novel materials to ferromagnetic layers. In a
     magnetoresistive effect element having a pair of ferromagnetic layers
     being opposed to each other through an intermediate layer to cause a
     current to flow in the direction perpendicular to the film plane to
     obtain a magnetoresistive change, at least one of the ferromagnetic
     layers contains a ferromagnetic material containing Fe, Co and B. The
     ferromagnetic material should preferably contain
     Fe.sub.aCo.sub.bNi.sub.cB.sub.d (in the chemical formula, a, b, c and d
     represent atomic %. 5.ltoreq.a.ltoreq.45, 35.ltoreq.b.ltoreq.85,
     0&lt;c.ltoreq.35, 10.ltoreq.d.ltoreq.30. a+b+C+d=100)."
"A method for manufacturing a magnetic disk apparatus having a highly
     sensitive reproducing head. A spin-valve-type multilayer film composed of
     an antiferromagnetic layer, a ferromagnetic layer, a nonmagnetic layer
     and a free magnetic layer is used as a magnetoresistive-effect device for
     the reproducing head. An antiferromagnetic reaction layer is formed
     between the antiferromagnetic reaction layer and the ferromagnetic layer.
     The antiferromagnetic reaction layer is formed of a metallic compound
     containing oxygen."
"A magnetic head for writing information on a relatively-moving medium has
     a pair of substantially flat soft magnetic pole layers separated by a
     pair of coil layers. A soft magnetic pedestal adjoins the leading pole
     layer adjacent to a medium-facing surface and is spaced from the second
     pole layer by a nanoscale nonferromagnetic gap, the pedestal having a
     layer of high magnetic saturation material that defines a throat height
     and extends beyond the throat height. A second high magnetic saturation
     material adjoins the trailing pole layer and either terminates at the
     throat height to form a second pedestal or extends to reach a magnetic
     backgap structure that magnetically couples the pole layers. The MR
     sensor can be located closer than the write transducer to the trailing
     end of the head to reduce separation between the read transducer and the
     write transducer."
"A contactless rotary shaft position sensor provides for precision
     computation of shaft angle for a wide range of input shaft rotational
     angles. The sensor includes two annular two-pole magnets which are
     connected by a precision, motion-transmitting gear train. An optional
     second gear train between one of the magnets and the input shaft can
     provide additional angular rotation scaling to accurately measure either
     fractional or a large number of multiple turns of the input shaft. The
     gear ratios are selected such that one of the magnets does not rotate
     more than one revolution. Pairs of ratiometric Hall-effect or
     magnetoresistive sensors provide differential voltage signals which are
     used for sensing angular position of each magnet over a full 360 degrees
     of rotation. The single-turn magnet provides an absolute, coarse
     indication of input shaft rotation with a typical accuracy of 2%. The
     gear ratio between the magnets produces several turns of the second
     magnet for each turn of the single-turn magnet. Since the gear ratio
     between the magnets is fixed, the angle sensed for the multi-turn magnet
     can be predicted from the position of the single-turn magnet. This is
     compared to the multi-turn magnet's actual sensed rotation. The result is
     an improvement in accuracy directly proportional to the gear ratio
     between the magnets. Computation of the individual magnet rotation angles
     and the input shaft angle is performed using a microprocessor and
     appropriate signal conditioning circuits. Utilizing two magnets, input
     shaft rotation can be accurately measured to within 0.1% of maximum
     range."
"A magnetoresistance effect element comprises a magnetoresistance effect
     film and a pair of electrode. The magnetoresistance effect film having a
     first magnetic layer whose direction of magnetization is substantially
     pinned in one direction; a second magnetic layer whose direction of
     magnetization changes in response to an external magnetic field; a
     nonmagnetic intermediate layer located between the first and second
     magnetic layers; and a film provided in the first magnetic layer, in the
     second magnetic layer, at a interface between the first magnetic layer
     and the nonmagnetic intermediate layer, and/or at a interface between the
     second magnetic layer and the nonmagnetic intermediate layer, the film
     having a thickness not larger than 3 nanometers, and the film has as
     least one selected from the group consisting of oxide, nitride,
     oxinitride, phosphide, and fluoride. The pair of electrodes are
     electrically connected to the magnetoresistance effect film to supply a
     sense current perpendicularly to a film plane of said magnetoresistance
     effect film."
"In a magnetic sensor (1) including a substrate (10) having a
     magnetism-sensitive element (11) formed thereon, a hard membrane (14) is
     formed on the outermost surface, an organic film (13) to relieve the
     stress caused by the hard membrane (14) is formed under the hard membrane
     (14), and an inorganic film (12) to relieve the stress caused by the
     organic film (13) is formed between the organic film (13) and
     magnetism-sensitive element (11). Also, an intermediate film formed from
     an element having a large force of bonding to carbon may be formed
     between the organic film (13) and hard membrane (14). Thus, the magnetic
     sensor (MR sensor, for example) can be protected against an external
     shock."
"A system for directly measuring a magnetostriction value of a
     magnetoresistive element includes a fixture for receiving a substrate
     carrying one or more magnetoresistive elements. A magnet assembly applies
     a first magnetic field parallel to the substrate, and a magnetic
     alternating field perpendicular to the substrate and parallel to
     magnetoresistive layers of the elements. A stress-inducing mechanism
     applies a mechanical stress to the substrate, the stress being oriented
     parallel to the substrate. A measuring subsystem measures a signal from
     at least one of the magnetoresistive elements."
"A magnetoresistive film includes a pinned ferromagnetic layer, a free
     ferromagnetic layer, an intermediate layer interposed between the pinned
     and free ferromagnetic layers, and a pinning layer contacting the pinned
     ferromagnetic layer. The free ferromagnetic layer is made of a
     ferromagnetic layered material including a cobalt nickel iron alloy
     layer, and a cobalt iron alloy layer laid over the cobalt nickel iron
     alloy layer. It has been demonstrated that the cobalt nickel iron alloy
     layer serves to reliably establish the uniaxial magnetic anisotropy in
     the cobalt iron alloy layer. Moreover, even if the thickness of the
     cobalt nickel iron alloy layer as well as the cobalt iron alloy layer is
     reduced, the uniaxial magnetic anisotropy can surely be maintained in the
     ferromagnetic layered material."
"Magnetoresistive (MR) sensors are disclosed having mechanisms for
     reducing edge effects such as Barkhausen noise. The sensors include a
     pinned layer and a free layer with an exchange coupling layer adjoining
     the free layer, and a ferromagnetic layer having a fixed magnetic moment
     adjoining the exchange coupling layer. The exchange coupling layer and
     ferromagnetic layer form a synthetic antiferromagnetic structure with
     part of the free layer, providing bias that reduces magnetic
     instabilities at edges of the free layer. Such synthetic
     antiferromagnetic structures can provide a stronger bias than
     conventional antiferromagnetic layers, as well as a more exactly defined
     track width than conventional hard magnetic bias layers. The synthetic
     antiferromagnetic structures can also provide protection for the free
     layer during processing, in contrast with the trimming of conventional
     antiferromagnetic layers that exposes if not removes part of the free
     layer."
"A slider for use in a magnetic disk drive includes read pads for
     connecting to a flexible circuit that couples to a pre-amplifier circuit,
     a transducer, and a protector connected to the transducer and the read
     pads to protect the transducer against damage from electrostatic
     discharge (ESD). Examples of transducers that may be used include a giant
     magnetoresistive (GMR) sensor and a tunneling magnetoresistive (TMR)
     sensor."
"A lapping monitor element that is juxtaposed with a magnetic transducer
     element having a magnetoresistance effect film to determine the lapping
     position upon lapping the element height of the magnetic transducer
     element to a predetermined dimension. The lapping monitor element
     includes a resistance film to be resistance measured. The resistance film
     is a metal film of nonmagnetic transition metal or of alloy composed
     mainly of nonmagnetic transition metal, or a multilayered film where two
     or more such metal films are laid one upon another. The lapping monitor
     makes it possible to extremely stabilize the ELG sensor resistance
     measured values upon lapping as well as to provide a high accuracy MR
     height control."
"A novel process for preparing chromium dioxide of substantially high
     purity as well as composites of CrO.sub.2/Cr.sub.2O.sub.3 and
     CrO.sub.2/Cr.sub.2O.sub.5 following a sequence of simple steps. The
     process does not require pressure as a control parameter during the
     process of synthesis. No chemical modifier has been used to bring down
     the working pressure during synthesis. Fairly hard sintered pellets of
     CrO.sub.2 can be obtained without introducing any detectable impurity
     phase that usually appears during the process of sintering. Further,
     CrO.sub.2/Cr.sub.2O.sub.3 and CrO.sub.2/Cr.sub.2O.sub.5 composites have
     also been prepared where the fraction of insulating Cr.sub.2O.sub.3 or
     Cr.sub.2O.sub.5 in metallic CrO.sub.2 can be easily controlled.
     Significant negative magnetoresistance is found in pure CrO.sub.2 (5% MR)
     as well as CrO.sub.2/Cr.sub.2O.sub.3 (33% MR) composites near room
     temperature. The MR studies on the CrO.sub.2/Cr.sub.2O.sub.5 composites
     have been done and significant negative MR (22%) has been found in
     CrO.sub.2/Cr.sub.2O.sub.5 composites near room temperature."
"A magnetic sensor includes a spacer having at least a nonmagnetic metal
     layer inserted between the upper shield layer and the longitudinal bias
     layers or between the upper shield layer and the longitudinal bias layers
     plus the magnetoresistive film, the shortest distance between the
     longitudinal bias layers and the free layer of the magnetoresistive film
     is set smaller than the shortest distance between the longitudinal bias
     layers and the upper shield layer, and this arrangement ensures that the
     amount of magnetic flux entering the magnetoresistive film from the
     longitudinal bias layers is larger than that absorbed by the upper shield
     layer, thus realizing a magnetic sensor whose Barkhausen noise is
     suppressed."
"A semiconductor integrated circuit device has a plurality of circuit
     elements, a plurality of connection elements each of which becomes a
     conductive state or a nonconductive state, interconnects for supplying
     control signals for placing the connection elements in the conductive
     state or the nonconductive state, and a plurality of circuit selection
     switching elements, wherein said circuit selection switching elements are
     driven in response to the circuit configuration instruction signal,
     control signals are output from the circuit selection switching elements.
     As the connection elements, preferably use is made of magnetoresistance
     effect elements or resistance control elements which become the
     conductive state or the nonconductive state in accordance with
     application of a magnetic field. As the circuit elements, use can be made
     of magnetoresistance effect elements or resistance control elements."
"A magnetoresistive sensor having two free layers with shape anisotropy
     induced magnetic alignment is disclosed. The magnetoresistive sensor
     includes a first ferromagnetic free layer having a first quiescent state
     magnetization direction. The magnetoresistive sensor also includes a
     second elongated free layer having a second quiescent state magnetization
     direction and positioned such that the first quiescent state
     magnetization direction is generally orthogonal to the second quiescent
     state magnetization direction. Further, a portion of the second
     ferromagnetic free layer overlaps a portion of the first ferromagnetic
     free layer proximal to an air bearing surface to form a v-shape. A
     nonmagnetic spacer layer is also positioned between the first
     ferromagnetic free layer and the second ferromagnetic free layer."
"A method for fabricating a multi-track thin-film magnetoresistive tape
     head with precisely-aligned read/write track-pairs fabricated on a
     monolithic substrate wafer is provided. The wafer is fabricated using
     modified standard thin-film processes for fabricating direct access
     storage device heads and modified substrate lapping procedures.
     Gap-to-gap separation within each read/write track-pair is reduced to
     nearly the thickness of the substrate wafer. Fabricating on both sides of
     the wafer, may enable hundreds or thousands of head elements to be
     aligned in one step of the fabrication process while reducing the number
     of pieces in the completed head assembly."
"In a magnetoresistive effect element using a ferromagnetic tunnel
     junction having a tunnel barrier layer sandwiched between at least a pair
     of ferromagnetic layers, a magnetization free layer comprising one of the
     ferromagnetic layers is composed of a single layer of a material having
     an amorphous or microcrystal structure or a material layer the main
     portion of which has an amorphous or microcrystal structure. The
     magnetoresistive effect element can produce excellent magnetic-resistance
     characteristics, and a magnetic memory element and a magnetic memory
     device using the magnetoresistive effect element as a memory element
     thereof can improve both of write and read characteristics at the same
     time."
"An integrated sensor includes a magnetoresistance element electrically
     coupled to a device disposed on or integrated in a silicon substrate. A
     conductor is provided proximate to the magnetoresistance element. The
     integrated sensor can be used to provide various devices, such as a
     current sensor, a magnetic field sensor, or an isolator. Further, the
     integrated sensor can be used in an open loop configuration or in a
     closed loop configuration in which an additional conductor is provided.
     The magntoresistance element may be formed over the silicon substrate or
     on a separate, non-silicon substrate. Also described is an integrated
     sensor comprising a substrate, a magnetic field transducer disposed over
     a surface of the substrate, and a conductor disposed over the surface of
     the substrate proximate to the magnetic field transducer. The magnetic
     field transducer can be a Hall effect transducer or a magnetoresistance
     element."
"A magnetic reading head comprising: a bottom shield; a top shield; an AMR
     device with MR and SAL separated by a thin insulating layer; a first
     insulting gap layer between said bottom shield and said AMR; a second
     insulating gap layer between said AMR and said top shield; a conductive
     layer contact at one end region of said MR and SAL. Furthermore, magnetic
     reading heads with GMR device free of electric-pop noise also are
     disclosed."
"A magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) system includes an ECG detector for
     the patient object being imaged and an element for performing an MRI
     pulse sequence. An imaging unit defined by the pulse sequence is longer
     in temporal length than one heart beat represented by the EGG signal. An
     MR signal is acquired from the object in response to the pulse sequence
     and an MR image based on the acquired MR signal is produced. A plurality
     of divided MT pulses can be applied instead of the conventional single MT
     pulse. In this case, an SE-system pulse sequence having a shorter echo
     train spacing is used, to generate sounds by applying gradient pulses
     incorporated in an imaging pulse sequence so as to automatically instruct
     a patient to perform an intermittent breath hold during three-dimensional
     scanning."
"A magnetic head has a base, and a magneto-resistive device supported by
     the base. The magneto-resistive device includes a magneto-resistive layer
     formed on one surface side of the base, and a first film. The first film
     is formed to be in contact with an effective region effectively involved
     in detection of magnetism in the magneto-resistive layer on both sides or
     one side of the effective region in a track width direction without
     overlapping with the effective region. The track width direction is
     substantially parallel to a film surface of the magneto-resistive layer.
     The first film is a single-layer film or a multiple-layer film. The first
     film includes a soft magnetic layer which does not form part of a layer
     for applying a biasing magnetic field to the free layer. The soft
     magnetic layer contributes to a reduction in side reading."
"This invention relates to a magnetic displacement measurement device,
     which comprises a ruler body and a vernier, wherein a magnetic main ruler
     is fixed on the ruler body, and a secondary ruler is fixed on the
     vernier; the secondary ruler comprises a magnetic sensor and a
     measurement circuit thereon; said magnetic sensor is composed of
     magnetoresistances; said measurement circuit comprises at least two
     measurement bridges composed of magnetoresistances; the movement distance
     of the vernier is displayed on the display screen of the device after
     being detected by the magnetic sensor and being processed by the
     measurement circuit. The magnetic displacement measurement device
     provided by the invention not only can normally work in the wet and oil
     polluted environment, but also has the advantages of simple structure,
     convenient manufacture, low price, low power consumption and high
     precision."
"The present invention relates to magnetic or magnetoresistive random
     access memories (MRAMs). The present invention provides an array with
     magnetoresistive memory cells arranged in logically organized rows and
     columns, each memory cell including a magnetoresistive element (32A,
     32B). The matrix comprises a set of column lines (34), a column line (34)
     being cells of a column. A column line (34) is shared by two adjacent
     columns, the shared column line (34) having an area which extends a
     continuous conductive strip which is magnetically couplable to the
     magnetoresistive element (32A, 32B) of each of the memory cells of a
     column. A column line (34) is shared by two adjacent columns, the shared
     column line (34) having an area which extends over substantially the
     magnetoresistive elements of the two adjacent columns sharing that column
     line. According to the present invention, the array furthermore comprises
     at least one supplementary column line (36A, 36B) per column for
     generating a localized magnetic field in the magnetoresistive elements
     (32A, 32B) of one of the adjacent columns sharing the column line (34).
     It is an advantage of the present invention that a higher density of the
     memory cells can be obtained, thus reducing space required to make a MRAM
     memory."
"The present invention provides a current-sense bias circuit for use with
     a magnetoresistive head. In one embodiment, the current-sense bias
     circuit includes a voltage biasing portion configured to provide a bias
     voltage across the magnetoresistive head thereby establishing a bias
     current through the magnetoresistive head. Additionally, the
     current-sense bias circuit also includes a current sensing portion
     coupled to the voltage biasing portion and configured to sense a change
     in the bias current based on a resistivity change of the magnetoresistive
     head."
"A magnetoresistive element has two magnetic layers and a nonmagnetic
     middle layer having organic molecules disposed between the two magnetic
     layers. The middle layer is thinner than 5 nm (50 .ANG.). The
     magnetoresistive element exhibits a magnetoresistive effect as a function
     of the relative alignment of magnetizations of the first and the second
     magnetic layers and can be used in a magnetoresistive sensor in the based
     on GMR or TMR."
"The present invention relates to a method for filtering time-varying MR
     signal data prior to image reconstruction. A one-dimensional FT is
     applied to the time-varying MR signal data along each frequency-encode
     line of k space. The phase p of each complex pair (R, I) of the FT
     transformed data is calculated to create a phase profile for each
     frequency-encode line. This process is repeated for all time points of
     the time-varying MR signal data. The time course of each point within the
     phase profile is then transformed into Stockwell domain producing ST
     spectra. Frequency component magnitudes indicative of an artifact are
     determined and replaced with a predetermined frequency component
     magnitude. Each of the ST spectra is then collapsed into a
     one-dimensional function. New real and imaginary values (R', I') of the
     complex Fourier data are calculated based on the collapsed ST spectra
     which are transformed using one-dimensional inverse Fourier
     transformation for producing filtered time-varying MR signal data. The
     method for filtering time-varying MR signal data is highly advantageous
     by easily identifying high-frequency artifacts within the ST spectrum and
     filtering only frequency components near the artifacts. Therefore,
     high-frequency artifacts are substantially removed while the frequency
     content of the remaining signal is preserved, enabling for example
     detection of subtle frequency changes occurring over time."
"A Giant Magneto-Resistive (GMR) sensor (900) having Current Perpendicular
     to Plane (CPP) structure provides an extended first pinned layer (914) as
     compared to second pinned layer (912) and free layer (910). Increased
     magnetoresistance changes, increased pinning strength, increased thermal
     stability, and decreased susceptibility to Electro-Static Discharge (ESD)
     events is realized by maintaining equivalent current densities through
     free layer (910) and second pinned layer (912), while decreasing the
     relative current density through first pinned layer (914)."
"A base protective layer, a bottom shielding layer, and a bottom
     insulating layer 4 are formed in turn on a base made of AlTiC. Then, a
     magnetoresistive effective film is formed on the bottom insulating layer,
     and a magnetic biasing layer is formed so as to be contacted with both
     side surfaces of the magnetoresistive effective film which are parallel
     to the ABS thereof. Then, electrode layers are formed so as to be
     contacted with the rear surface of the magnetoresistive effective film
     opposite to the ABS thereof."
"A manufacturing method of a magnetic head includes a process for forming
     a lift-off mask pattern on a magnetoresistance effect element, such that
     the upper part of the lift-off mask pattern is larger in size than the
     lower part, a process for forming a couple of electrodes on the
     magnetoresistance effect element using the lift-off mask pattern as a
     mask, and a process for removing the lift-off mask pattern. The process
     for forming the lift-off mask pattern is performed according to a dry
     etching process."
"A method of manufacturing a magnetic head including a magnetic sensing
     portion formed of a magnetoresistive effect element, a magnetoresistive
     effect magnetic head manufacturing method depositing, via a film
     deposition process, a lamination layer having a free layer comprised of a
     soft magnetic material of which the magnetization is rotated in response
     to an external magnetic field, a fixed layer comprised of a ferromagnetic
     material, an antiferromagnetic layer for fixing the magnetization of said
     fixed layer, a magnetic flux introducing layer with a tip end of which is
     opposed to a surface which is brought in contact with or opposed to a
     magnetic recording medium, and a spacer layer interposed between said
     free layer and said fixed layer; patterning at least said free layer and
     said fixed layer with a mask such that opposing side surfaces of said
     free layer and said fixed layer are formed of one continuous surface; and
     forming hard magnetic layers having high or low resistance for
     maintaining a magnetic stability of said free layer in contact with said
     opposing side surfaces."
"The present invention determines temperature and current from resistance
     measurements of a single magnetoresistive sensor. A dual-purpose sensor
     includes the magnetoresistive sensor having a single pair of terminals.
     The sensor is multiplexed under separate current conditions to produce
     both a temperature measurement and a current measurement in a vicinity of
     the sensor. A sensor system includes the dual-purpose sensor, a
     resistance sensing subsystem and a controller that controls the current
     conditions. A method of measuring temperature and current includes
     measuring a first resistance of the dual-purpose sensor while a first
     current is flowing in a conductor adjacent to the sensor, and measuring a
     second resistance of the sensor while a second current is flowing in the
     conductor. The first current has a known value while the second current
     has an unknown value. The temperature and current are determined
     respectively from the first and second resistance measurements."
"A magnetic reader of the present invention comprises an MR sensor
     shielded by a magnetic shield including single domain soft magnetic
     materials. The domain wall free magnetic shield includes an unbiased soft
     magnetic layer and a biased soft magnetic layer separated by a
     non-magnetic layer. The easy axis of the biased layer is oriented to
     create a path for magnetic flux through the biased and unbiased layers
     thereby reducing the demagnetization field of the shield. A biasing layer
     maintains the first and second magnetic layers as single domain magnets.
     The biasing layer is further shaped to define a quiet zone where the
     biasing layer does not overlay the MR sensor."
"A Current-Perpendicular-to-Plane (CPP) Giant Magneto-Resistance (GMR)
     sensor (700/800) has either a composite film (708) embedded into a
     ferromagnetic reference layer (710) or a composite film (806) embedded
     into a ferromagnetic keeper layer (804). The embedded composite film is
     deposited by sputtering from a ferromagnetic metallic target and a
     non-magnetic oxide target simultaneously or sequentially. Varying
     sputtering powers of the ferromagnetic metallic and non-magnetic oxide
     targets leads to various volume fractions of ferromagnetic metallic and
     non-magnetic oxide phases. By carefully adjusting these volume fractions,
     the product of junction resistance and area of the CPP GMR sensor
     (700/800) can be finely tuned to a designed value and thus provide
     optimum read performance of the CPP GMR sensor (700/800) for magnetic
     recording at ultrahigh densities."
"A dual-stripe element magnetroresistive read head for reading information
     from a magnetic tape. The read head includes a first insulating layer, a
     first active magnetoresistive layer formed on the first insulating layer,
     a second insulating layer formed on the first active magnetoresistive
     layer, a second active magnetoresistive layer formed on the second
     insulating layer, and a third insulating layer formed on the second
     active magnetoresistive layer. The second active magnetoresistive layer
     is magnetostatically coupled to the first active magnetoresistive layer.
     A periodic structure is formed on a surface of the first insulator layer.
     As the remaining layers are formed on the first insulating layer, the
     periodic structure is replicated throughout the read head. Thus, the
     periodic structure formed on the first insulator layer stabilizes both
     the first and second active layers via magnetic domain pinning for both
     layers along the edges of the periodic structure."
"Electronic systems are described including semiconductor circuitry
     characterized by first signals and all-metal circuitry characterized by
     second signals and comprising a plurality of transpinnors. Each
     transpinnor includes a network of thin-film elements. At least one
     thin-film element in each transpinnor exhibits giant magnetoresistance.
     Each transpinnor includes a conductor inductively coupled to the at least
     one thin-film element for controlling operation of the transpinnor.
     Interface circuitry connects the semiconductor circuitry to the all-metal
     circuitry and converts between the first signals and the second signals."
"A magnetoresistive effect element is a compound lamination including a
     first anti-ferromagnetic layer, a first fixed magnetic layer, a tunnel
     insulation layer, a free magnetic layer, a non-magnetic metal layer, a
     second fixed magnetic layer, and a second anti-ferromagnetic layer such
     that a TMR element and a SVMR element are formed, sharing the free
     magnetic layer."
"An MR device for MR imaging includes an RF coil system. In order to
     enable switching to and fro between different applications in such an MR
     device without having to move the patient so as to position a new RF coil
     system, it is proposed to provide the RF coil system for the transmission
     and/or reception of RF signals with at least two RF coil arrays which are
     integrated in one coil former and have been optimized for different
     applications, each RF coil array comprising at least two RF coils which
     are decoupled from one another."
"By varying only the thickness of a known material having superior
     magnetic characteristics to increase spin polarization without changing
     the chemical composition, a tunnel magnetoresistive element capable of
     producing a larger magnetoresistive effect is provided. The tunnel
     magnetoresistive element includes an underlayer (nonmagnetic or
     antiferromagnetic metal film); an ultrathin ferromagnetic layer disposed
     on the underlayer; an insulating layer disposed on the ultrathin
     ferromagnetic layer; and a ferromagnetic electrode disposed on the
     insulating layer."
"A magnetoresistance effect element comprises: a magnetoresistance effect
     film, a pair of electrodes, and a phase separation layer. The
     magnetoresistance effect film includes a first ferromagnetic layer whose
     direction of magnetization is pinned substantially in one direction, a
     second ferromagnetic layer whose direction of magnetization changes in
     response to an external magnetic field, and an intermediate layer
     provided between the first and second ferromagnetic layers. The pair of
     electrodes are electrically coupled to the magnetoresistance effect film
     and configured to supply a sense current perpendicularly to a film plane
     of the magnetoresistance effect film. The phase separation layer is
     provided between the pair of electrodes. The phase separation layer has a
     first phase and a second phase formed by a phase separation in a solid
     phase from an alloy including a plurality of elements. One of the first
     and second phases includes at least one element selected from the group
     consisting of oxygen, nitrogen, fluorine and carbon in higher
     concentration than other of the first and second phases."
"A spin valve type magnetoresistive effect element for vertical electric
     conduction includes a magnetoresistive effect film in which a resistance
     adjustment layer made of a material containing conductive carriers not
     more than 10.sup.22/cm.sup.3 is inserted. Thus the resistance value of a
     portion in change of spin-relied conduction is raised to an adequate
     value, thereby to increase the resistance variable amount."
"A magnetic head comprises an MR element, and a substrate supporting the
     MR element from both sides at a center portion, and a magnetic tape is in
     contact and slide-contact with a slide-contact surface thereof. A
     curvature in a thickness direction of the slide-contact surface is set to
     be larger at a center portion than at both sides thereof. In this way, it
     is possible to protect the slide-contact surface of the magnetic head
     from eccentric wear and avoid deterioration of the magnetic head
     performance."
"Magnetoresistive (MR) sensors are disclosed that have leads with reduced
     resistance, improving the signal-to-noise ratio of the sensors. The leads
     have broad layers of highly conductive material for connection to MR
     structures, as opposed to thin wires of highly conductive material or
     broad layers of resistive material, lowering the resistance of the leads.
     The low-resistance leads can be formed without increasing the
     shield-to-shield spacing, providing highly sensitive and focused MR
     sensors."
"Provided are new compositions of ruthenates in the pervoskite and layered
     pervoskite family, wherein the ruthenate compositions exhibit large
     magnetoresistance (MR) and electric-pulse-induced resistance (EPIR)
     switching effects, the latter observable at room temperature. This is the
     first time large MR and EPIR effects have been shown together in
     ruthenate compositions. Further provided are methods for synthesizing the
     class of ruthenates that exhibits such properties, as well as methods of
     use therefor in electromagnetic devices, thin films, sensors,
     semiconductors, insulators and the like."
"A magnetic domain control underlayer is formed below a magnetoresistive
     multi-layered film thereby bringing the magnetic domain control film into
     contact with both lateral end faces of a free layer and appropriate
     magnetic domain control can be attained in a state of minimizing a
     surplus bias magnetic field from the magnetic domain control film."
"A magnetic resonance imaging method is presented for forming an image of
     an object, wherein a stationary magnetic field and temporary magnetic
     fields having a position dependent field pattern are applied, magnetic
     resonance signals are acquired by at least one receiver antenna, spins
     are excitated in a part of the object, MR signals are acquired during
     application of the position-dependent field patterns (G1, G2, . . . ) and
     a magnetic resonance image is derived from the sampled magnetic resonance
     signals. The field patterns are substantially non-linear, the number N of
     total field patterns is larger than 3, and at least N-1 field patterns
     are independently controllable in field strength. The magnetic resonance
     signals are acquired in a sub-sampling fashion."
"A 360-degree magnetoresistive rotary position sensor comprises a magnetic
     linear sensor and a magnetic angular sensor, formed on a semiconductor
     substrate. The linear sensor detects a sense of a magnetic field, and the
     angular sensor detects an angular position of the magnetic field up to
     180-degrees. With the linear sensor indicating that a positive sense of
     the magnetic field is detected, the angular sensor detects a first
     180-degrees of angular position. With the linear sensor indicating that a
     negative sense of the magnetic field is detected, the angular sensor
     detects a second 180-degrees of angular position. As a result, the
     position sensor detects a full 360 degrees of rotation."
"An MRAM memory is proposed which gives a maximum read-out signal. This is
     advantageous for high-speed sensing of the MRAM bits. In an MRAM memory
     with magnetoresistive memory cells linked together to form logically
     organized rows and columns, It is obtained by, at least during writing,
     connecting write bitlines of two adjacent rows or columns with each
     other, so as to write inverse data values in two adjacent memory cells.
     In this way, a return path for the writing current is provided in a small
     loop, which enhances EMC behavior."
"A magnetoresistance-effect element comprising a magnetism-sensing layer
     9, a low-resistance metal layer 10 and an oxide layer 11. The
     magnetism-sensing layer 9 has its electric resistance changed in
     accordance with an external magnetic field. The low-resistance metal
     layer 9 is formed in contact with the magnetism-sensing layer 9. The
     oxide layer 11 is provided on that surface of the metal layer 10 which
     faces away from the magnetism-sensing layer 9."
"In a method of forming a magnetoresistive sensor, first and second
     magnetic leads are formed. Next, a junction of magnetic and electrically
     conductive material is formed between the first and second magnetic
     leads. Finally, the magnetic and electrical conductivity of an outer
     shell portion of the junction is reduced to form a constricted junction
     comprising a magnetic and electrically conductive junction core that is
     at least partially surrounded by the outer shell portion. Another aspect
     of the present invention is directed to the magnetoresistive sensor that
     is formed using the method."
"A two-dimensional (2D) chemical shift correlated MR spectroscopic (COSY)
     sequence integrated into a new volume localization technique
     (90.degree.-180.degree.-90.degree.) for whole body MR Spectroscopy. Using
     the product operator formalism, a theoretical calculation of the volume
     localization as well as the coherence transfer efficiencies in 2D MRS is
     presented. A combination of different MRI transmit/receive rf coils is
     used. The cross peak intensities excited by the proposed 2D sequence are
     asymmetric with respect to the diagonal peaks. Localized COSY spectra of
     cerebral frontal and occipital gray/white matter regions in fifteen
     healthy controls are presented."
"A system and associated method are disclosed for protecting a
     magnetoresistive (MR) head from damage caused by electrostatic discharge.
     Included is a protective member having a conductive surface for being
     removably positioned on a MR connector cable such that the conductive
     surface remains in electrical communication with contacts of the MR
     connector cable. Thus, the contacts are shorted to protect a MR head
     coupled to the MR connector cable from damage caused by electrostatic
     discharge. Further included is a clamp releasably coupled to the
     protective member for maintaining the conductive surface of the
     protective member in electrical communication with the contacts of the MR
     connector cable to facilitate the shorting of the contacts, thus ensuring
     the protection of the MR head coupled to the MR connector cable from the
     damage caused by the electrostatic discharge."
"The magnetoresistance is measured for a magnetoresistive
     layered-structure, such as a spin valve film, prior to formation of an
     upper shield layer as well as patterning of a lower shield layer. The
     magnetic influence of the upper and lower shield layers can completely be
     eliminated during the measurement of the magnetoresistance. The
     magnetoresistive layered-structure is allowed to reliably receive the
     magnetic field over a wider range including a lower magnetic field range.
     It is accordingly possible to measure the magnetoresistance properly
     reflecting the magnetic characteristic of the magnetoresistive
     layered-structure. It is possible to find deficiency of a
     magnetoresistive read element at an earlier stage of the method."
"The present invention provides a magnetic tunnel junction memory element
     comprising two pinned ferromagnetic layers having magnetic orientations
     pointing in opposite directions and a sense layer arranged between the
     two pinned ferromagnetic layers and separated from each by a nonmagnetic
     tunnel barrier layer. The invention also provides methods of fabricating
     magnetic tunnel junction memory elements as well as magnetoresistive
     memory devices and processor systems comprising such memory elements."
"A magnetoresistive element includes a magnetoresistive film having a
     magnetization pinned layer, a magnetization free layer, and a nonmagnetic
     intermediate layer. A magnetization direction of the magnetization pinned
     layer is substantially fixed in an external magnetic field, a
     magnetization direction of the magnetization free layer is configured to
     change in the external magnetic field, and the nonmagnetic intermediate
     layer formed between the magnetization pinned layer and the magnetization
     free layer and has a stacked structure of a first non-metallic
     intermediate layer/a metal intermediate layer/a second non-metallic
     intermediate layer. The magnetoresistive element also includes a pair of
     electrodes coupled to the magnetoresistive film and is configured to
     provide a current in a direction substantially perpendicular to a surface
     of the magnetoresistive film."
"The room temperature, low field intergrain magnetoresistance (IMR) of the
     double perovsktite SrFe.sub.0.5MO.sub.0.5O.sub.3 is found to be highly
     tunable by doping either Ca or Ba into the Sr site. The dopant exerts a
     chemical pressure, changing the Curie temperature and the magnetic
     softness. The IMR at optimal doping
     (Sr.sub.0.2Ba.sub.0.8Fe.sub.0.5Mo.sub.0.5O.sub.3) is approximately 3.5%
     in 100 Oe, and increases further in high fields. The unprecedented
     strength of the IMR in this highly spin polarized system provides new
     grounds for employing novel magnetic materials for new magnetic sensing
     applications and spin electronics."
"The present invention relates generally to the magnetic information
     storage technology, and particularly, to magnetic recording disc drives
     including a sensor having a giant magnetoresistance (GMR) based spin
     valve structure or a tunneling magnetoresistance(TMR) based tunnel
     junction magnetoresistance structure or magnetic random access memory
     device including a magnetic memory element(corresponding to a capacitor
     of DRAM) having a giant magnetoresistance (GMR) based spin valve
     structure or a tunneling magnetoresistance(TMR) based tunnel junction
     magnetoresistance structure. More particularly, the present invention
     relates to a spin valve magnetoresistive structure employed in the sensor
     of magnetic recording disc drive or tunnel junction magnetoresistive
     structure employed in the magnetic storage element of magnetic random
     access memory device."
"The present invention provides an MR element bar that permits the
     fabrication of MR elements in which a variation in characteristics is
     suppressed, as well as an MR element bar exposure method and formation
     method enabling the fabrication of the MR element bar. The MR element bar
     exposure method according to the present invention comprises the steps
     of: detecting the positions of a plurality of alignment marks P.sub.1 to
     P.sub.4 formed on a wafer W; correcting an exposure position correction
     region R on the basis of the positions of detected alignment marks
     P.sub.1' to P.sub.4'; and exposing a resist which is formed on the wafer
     W, wherein an MR element bar region B comprises a plurality of MR
     elements (patterns MRE) aligned in the longitudinal direction of the
     region B, and one exposure position correction region R is established
     for one MR element bar region B."
"A magnetic resonance imaging system is provided for obtaining MR images
     by scanning a region of the object previously located on an object's
     positioning image. The system comprises a displaying unit, inputting
     unit, approximating unit, and locating unit. The displaying unit displays
     a plurality of tomographic images of the object as the positioning image,
     each of the tomographic images including an indication of a target of
     interest thereon. The inputting unit enables information about a running
     state of the target in a direction along the target to be supplied toward
     each of the tomographic images. The approximating unit calculates
     three-dimensionally an approximated curve indicating the running state of
     the target in the direction on the basis of the supplied information
     about the running state. The locating unit locates the region
     substantially perpendicular to the approximated curve."
"In the thin-film magnetic head of the present invention, the length of
     each of a pinned layer and an antiferromagnetic layer in their contact
     area in the depth direction from a surface facing a medium is longer than
     the length of a free layer in the same direction. When the length of the
     pinned layer in the depth direction is set longer as such, the direction
     of magnetization of the pinned layer can be restrained from being tilted
     by disturbances. Also, the pinned layer and the antiferromagnetic layer
     have the same length in their contact area in the MR height direction, so
     that the pinned layer is in contact with the antiferromagnetic layer
     throughout its length in the MR height direction, thus raising the
     exchange coupling force, whereby the inclination in the direction of
     magnetization can be suppressed more effectively."
"In a CPP element using a metal intermediate layer excellent in shot noise
     and response to high frequencies unlike a TMR element, its
     magnetoresistive effect film includes a magnetic layer mainly made of a
     half-metal exhibiting ferromagnetism, ferrimagnetism or
     antiferromagnetism, and largely variable in way of conduction in response
     to spin direction of electrons."
"Magneto-resistive random access memory elements include a ferromagnetic
     layer having uniaxial anisotropy provided by elongate structures formed
     in the ferromagnetic film. The magnetic dipole aligns with the long axis
     of each structure. The structures can be formed in a variety of ways. For
     example, the ferromagnetic film can be applied to a seed layer having a
     textured surface. Alternatively, the ferromagnetic film can be stressed
     to generate the textured structure. Chemical mechanical polishing also
     can be used to generated the structures."
"Magneto-resistive (MR) head pre-amplifiers for single polarity power
     supply applications are presented. An exemplary pre-amplifier includes a
     bias network coupled to first and second input terminals of the
     pre-amplifier, the input terminals for receiving signals corresponding to
     variations in magnetic fields from an MR head. At least one gain stage
     having first and second input terminals and first and second output
     terminals for amplifying the received signals is included. A pair of
     coupling capacitors, each capacitor being connected between a respective
     input terminal of the pre-amplifier and a corresponding respective input
     terminal of the at least one gain stage, are further included in the
     pre-amplifier design. Finally, the exemplary pre-amplifier includes a
     pair of feedback capacitors, each capacitor being connected between
     respective input and output terminals of the at least one gain stage. The
     pre-amplifier is powered by a single polarity power supply."
"A method for fabricating a magnetoresistive device having at least one
     active region, which may be formed into a magnetic memory bit, sensor
     element and/or other device, is provided. In forming the magnetoresistive
     device, a magnetoresistive stack, such as a giant magnetoresistive stack,
     is formed over a substrate. In addition, a substantially antireflective
     cap layer formed from titanium nitride, aluminum nitride, and/or other
     substantially antireflective material, as opposed to the materials
     commonly used to form a cap layer, is formed over the magnetoresistive
     stack. The substantially antireflective cap layer is usable as an etch
     stop for later processing in forming the magnetic memory bit, sensor
     element and/or other device."
"A method and apparatus for providing a ballistic magnetoresistive sensor
     in a current perpendicular-to-plane mode is disclosed. A nickel
     nano-contact is provided in a current perpendicular-to-plane sensor. The
     nano-contact switches its magnetization with the switching of the free
     layer to provide an increase in resistance that is used to detect
     magnetically recorded data."
"A magnetoresistive element that detects a change of magnetoresistance by
     giving a sense current in the thickness direction of a magnetoresistive
     effect film including at least a base layer, a free layer, a non-magnetic
     layer, a pinned layer, a pinning layer, and a protection layer, includes
     a granular structure layer that includes conductive particles and an
     insulating matrix material in the form of a thin film containing the
     conductive particles in a dispersed state and having a smaller thickness
     than the particle diameter of the conductive particles, the granular
     structure layer being interposed between at least two adjacent layers
     among the base layer, the free layer, the non-magnetic layer, the pinned
     layer, the pinning layer, and the protection layer."
"A method for forming a laminated shield to improve the stability and
     performance of an MR read head and the MR read head formed using that
     shield. The shield consists of two layers of ferromagnetic material
     separated by a layer of ruthenium, allowing the ferromagnetic layers to
     form an antiferromagnetic configuration by means of a quantum mechanical
     exchange interaction. The antiferromagnetic configuration has a stable
     domain structure and a magnetization that forms closed loops around the
     shield edges thereby reducing noise in the readback signal and reducing
     disturbances to the magnetic state of the sensor element."
"A biasing system for a tri-layer reader stack magnetoresistive sensor is
     disclosed. The tri-layer reader stack includes a first ferromagnetic free
     layer, a second ferromagnetic free layer, and a magnetoresistive layer
     between the first and second ferromagnetic free layers. The free layers
     are positioned in the tri-layer reader stack such that quiescent state
     magnetizations of the free layers are antiparallel. A biasing layer is
     positioned with regard to the tri-layer reader stack, typically separated
     from the tri-layer reader stack by a nonmagnetic spacer layer. A biasing
     means is positioned such that a magnetization of the biasing layer is
     perpendicular to the quiescent state magnetizations of the free layers.
     This biasing results in the free layers having biased magnetizations
     directed substantially orthogonal with respect to each other."
"In a magnetoresistive head according to the present invention, a magnetic
     domain control film formed at the end of a free layer of a stack of
     magnetoresistive layers is formed of a Co alloy film, and an underlayer
     controlling the crystallization state of the Co alloy film and an
     amorphous metal film layer for controlling the crystallization state of
     the underlayer are disposed below the magnetic domain control film."
"A method and an apparatus of a magnetic field sensor structure are
     disclosed. The magnetic field sensor structure is formed by a bridge of
     four magnetoresistors (1 4), wherein each magnetoresistor has a
     longitudinal direction, and each magnetoresistor (1 4) is polarised by
     magnets (15 19). Also, each magnet has a main magnetisation field along
     an axial magnetisation direction, and a magnetic leakage field. The
     polarisation magnets (15 19) and the magnetoresistors (1 4) are arranged
     in the form of layers on the same substrate. In one embodiment, the
     polarisation magnets (15 19) are at the same level as the
     magnetoresistors (1 4) wherein the polarisation magnets (15 19) have the
     same main magnetisation direction, which is contained in the plane of the
     layers. The magnetoresistors have their longitudinal direction parallel
     with that of the axial direction of the magnets. In one embodiment, two
     magnetoresistors are arranged in the axial field of magnets and two
     others are in the magnet leakage field."
"A media noise optimized (MNO) detector for a read channel compensates for
     pattern dependent media noise, and compensates for nonlinearities from
     many sources such as residual MR nonlinearity, residual nonlinear
     transition shift, partial erasure, write-induced nonlinearity, and
     steady-state mis-equalization. The MNO detector is implemented by
     adjusting a conventional Viterbi detector branch metric so that the
     channel output value (ideal value) can be a nonlinear function of the
     state/branch bits, and the branch metric scaling factor is a function of
     the state/branch. For a given state/branch, the ideal value is the mean
     of analog-to-digital converter samples for the pattern corresponding to
     the state/branch, and the branch metric scaling factor is proportional to
     the noise variance for the pattern corresponding to that state/branch."
"A magnetoresistive element including a free layer having rotatable
     magnetization, in which information is recorded in the magnetoresistive
     element by the rotation of the magnetization of the free layer, is
     provided. The free layer is a laminate that includes at least one
     ferromagnetic sublayer composed of a ferromagnetic material and at least
     one low-saturation-magnetization ferromagnetic sublayer having a lower
     saturation magnetization than that of the ferromagnetic sublayer."
"A Giant Magneto-Resistive (GMR) sensor (900) having Current Perpendicular
     to Plane (CPP) structure is formed providing an extended first pinned
     layer (914) as compared to second pinned layer (912) and free layer
     (910). Increased magnetoresistance changes, increased pinning strength,
     increased thermal stability, and decreased susceptibility to
     Electro-Static Discharge (ESD) events is realized by maintaining
     equivalent current densities through free layer (910) and second pinned
     layer (912), while decreasing the relative current density through first
     pinned layer (914)."
"A magnetic sensor comprises magnetoresistive elements and permanent
     magnet films, which are combined together to form GMR elements formed on
     a quartz substrate having a square shape, wherein the permanent magnet
     films are paired and connected to both ends of the magnetoresistive
     elements, so that an X-axis magnetic sensor and a Y-axis magnetic sensor
     are realized by adequately arranging the GMR elements relative to the
     four sides of the quartz substrate. Herein, the magnetization direction
     of the pinned layer of the magnetoresistive element forms a prescribed
     angle of 45.degree. relative to the longitudinal direction of the
     magnetoresistive element or relative to the magnetization direction of
     the permanent magnet film. Thus, it is possible to reliably suppress
     offset variations of bridge connections of the GMR elements even when an
     intense magnetic field is applied; and it is therefore possible to
     noticeably improve the resistant characteristics to an intense magnetic
     field."
"A magnetic disk apparatus has a magnetic recording medium including a
     recording layer formed on a nonmagnetic substrate, and a magnetic head
     including a magnetoresistive film arranged above the magnetic recording
     medium and a pair of electrodes formed on both surfaces of the
     magnetoresistive film along a track direction so as to make a sense
     current flow in a direction perpendicular to a plane of the
     magnetoresistive film. The recording layer has an easy axis of
     magnetization in a direction perpendicular to a track width direction,
     which is a direction of a magnetic field generated by the flow of the
     sense current, a ratio M.sub.A/M.sub.e of which recording layer is
     smaller than 0.6, where M.sub.A is a remanent magnetization in the track
     width direction and M.sub.e is a remanent magnetization in the direction
     of the easy axis of magnetization."
"A flux guide protected magnetoresistive sensor in a tape drive read/write
     head is presented. The magnetoresistive sensor has a tape bearing
     surface, and includes a magnetoresistive sensing element and a flux guide
     disposed on a surface of the magnetoresistive sensing element to form a
     portion of the tape bearing surface."
"It is known that the magnetic shields, between which CPP GMR stacks are
     sandwiched, can be a source of AMR (anisotropic magneto-resistance)
     noise. This has been significantly reduced by coating both the magnetic
     shields with highly conductive layers. If the guidelines disclosed in the
     invention are followed, the read head can exhibit AMR noise reduced by
     about 14 to 20. Additionally, the total thickness of the read gap can be
     maintained to be as low as 300 to 400 Angstroms."
"The present invention provides a flux-guided head for use in a magnetic
     recording system, such as a disk drive. The head includes a write element
     that is capable of writing magnetic polarity transitions into the surface
     of a magnetic media, such as a magnetic disk, using
     vertical/perpendicular recording techniques. Further, a read element is
     provided that includes a magnetoresistive element that, when reading
     perpendicularly-recorded magnetic transitions from the surface of the
     magnetic media, produces a readback pulse signal having a substantially
     Lorentzian pulse shape."
"An implantable cardiac stimulation device is equipped with an isolation
     system capable of attenuating or eliminating induction currents flowing
     through the stimulation device by eliminating induction loops. The
     isolation system comprises a magnetic insulator configured to shield
     selected components of the stimulation device from external magnetic
     fields or radio-frequency (RF) signals. The magnetic insulator comprises
     a plurality of sensors that are configured to detect the intensity of the
     external magnetic fields and/or RF signals, and a switch bank that
     electrically isolates certain components of the stimulation device to
     eliminate the induction loops. The isolation system further comprises an
     attenuation system comprised of at least one magnetoresistor disposed
     along potential induction loops to attenuate induction currents when
     subjected to undesirable external magnetic fields and/or RF signals."
"A spin-valve magnetoresistive thin film element comprises an
     antiferromagnetic layer and a pinned magnetic film. The pinned magnetic
     film contacts the antiferromagnetic layer, wherein a magnetizing
     direction is pinned by an exchange coupling magnetic field between the
     pinned magnetic layer and the antiferromagnetic layer. The spin-valve
     magnetoresistive thin film element further comprises a free magnetic
     layer and a nonmagnetic electrically conductive layer. The nonmagnetic
     electrically conductive layer is formed between the free magnetic layer
     and the pinned magnetic layer, wherein a magnetizing direction of said
     free magnetic layer is aligned so as to intersect with said magnetizing
     direction of said pinned magnetic film. The pinned magnetic film includes
     a first pinned magnetic layer contacting the antiferromagnetic layer and
     a second pinned magnetic layer and a nonmagnetic intermediate layer
     therebetween, wherein the first pinned magnetic layer and the second
     pinned magnetic layer have different thicknesses. The antiferromagnetic
     layer comprises one of an X--Mn alloy, where X is selected from the group
     consisting of Pt, Pd, Ir, Rh, Ru, Os and combinations thereof, and a
     Pt--Mn--X' alloy, where X' is selected from the group consisting of Pd,
     Ir, Rh, Ru, Os, Au, Ag and combinations thereof. A thickness of the first
     pinned magnetic layer, a thickness of the second pinned magnetic layer,
     and a ratio of the thickness of the first pinned magnetic layer to the
     thickness of the second pinned magnetic layer are adjusted such that the
     exchange coupling magnetic field has an intensity of at least about 1
     kOe."
"Disclosed is a new type of magnetoresistive random-access memory (MRAM)
     device using a magnetic semiconductor, which is capable of achieving
     high-integration and energy saving in a simplified structure without any
     MOS transistor, based on a rectification effect derived from a p-i-n type
     low-resistance tunneling-magnetoresistance-effect (low-resistance TMR)
     diode with a structure having a p-type half-metallic ferromagnetic
     semiconductor, an n-type half-metallic ferromagnetic semiconductor and at
     least one atomic layer of nonmagnetic insulator interposed therebetween,
     or a rectification effect derived from a p-n type low-resistance
     tunneling-magnetoresistance-effect (low-resistance TMR) diode with a
     structure devoid of the interposed atomic layer of nonmagnetic insulator."
"An apparatus, method, and system for providing asymmetric signal
     correction in a HDD system using magneto-resistive (MR) heads for reading
     information stored thereon. The MR head produces a signal that is
     asymmetric, and an asymmetric correction circuit corrects the asymmetric
     signal for further processing. The asymmetric correction circuitry
     comprises a differential amplifier having a variable gain for producing a
     current proportional to the asymmetric signal. The differential amplifier
     is coupled with two high speed switches for producing an output signal
     having only positive polarity. When the asymmetric correction output
     signal combines with the input signal, the resultant signal approximates
     the inverse distortion of the asymmetric input signal."
"A transducing head includes a multilayered magnetoresistive sensor having
     an air bearing sidewall opposite aback sidewall and a first sidewall
     opposite a second sidewall. A specular layer is positioned on at least
     one of the air bearing sidewall, the back sidewall, the first sidewall,
     and the second sidewall. Each sidewall is transverse to the layers of the
     magnetoresistive sensor."
"A method and apparatus to increase the effectiveness of a Magnetic
     Resonance Imaging (MRI) device by increasing the signal-to-noise ratio,
     allowing thinner slice thicknesses, and allowing more contiguous slices.
     In an MRI device, a patient is subjected to a constant magnetic field,
     and then RF pulses are used to excite the atoms in the body of the
     patient. The atoms release a corresponding RF signal when the atoms
     relax, which can be measured and mapped into a visual display. The RF
     pulses used to excite the atoms in the body of the patient use a modified
     Bessel function. The Bessel function having an approximately rectangular
     waveform in the frequency domain increases the signal-to-noise ratio,
     allows thinner slice thicknesses, and allows more contiguous slices,
     resulting in a better MR image and a more efficient MRI apparatus."
"A magnetic random access memory includes a memory cell array in which
     memory cells, each having a magnetoresistive element as a storage
     element, are arranged, word lines respectively connected to rows of the
     memory cell array, bit lines respectively connected to columns of the
     memory cell array, row decoders to select the word lines, and a column
     decoder to select the bit lines. To determine the value of storage data,
     electrical characteristic values based on storage data stored in the
     plurality of memory cells are detected, reference data is continuously
     written in the plurality of memory cells, the reference data written in
     the plurality of memory cells is continuously read out to detect
     electrical characteristic values based on the reference data, and the
     electrical characteristic values based on the storage data are compared
     with those based on the reference data."
"A recording/reproducing separated type magnetic head comprising a first
     magnetic domain control layer for arranging the magnetizing direction of
     a free layer included in a magneto-resistive element to a predetermined
     direction, and a second magnetic domain control layer for generating a
     magnetic field in the direction opposite thereto to constitute a
     differential type bias structure. The recording/reproducing separated
     type magnetic head decreases an excessively strengthened longitudinal
     bias magnetic field in a central portion at a narrow track width while
     avoiding decrease of the fixed magnetic field at the end of the
     magneto-resistive element in the direction of the track width."
"According to one aspect, an exemplary multi-format magneto resistive
     recording head is provided. The magnetic head includes a first set of
     data transducers configured transversely across a direction of tape
     transport, the first set of data transducers associated with a first data
     format, and a second set of data transducers configured transversely
     across the direction of tape transport, the second set of data
     transducers associated with a second data format, wherein the first set
     of data transducers and the second set of data transducers are separated
     by a distance along the direction of tape transport. In one example, the
     magnetic head includes a first raised elongated island positioned
     transversely across the direction of tape transport, the first island
     including the first set of data transducers, and a second raised
     elongated island positioned transversely across the direction of tape
     transport, the second island including the second set of data
     transducers."
"A biasing scheme is disclosed that helps reduce current noise in an
     associated device, such as, for example, a magneto-resistive device. The
     biasing scheme provides for setting a resistance path in a preamplifier,
     which is operative to energize the associated device, based on a biasing
     current that is to be used with associated device. Alternatively or
     additionally, the resistance path can be set based on a resistance of the
     associated device. As a result of setting the resistance path in this
     manner, noise through the associated device can be mitigated during its
     energization."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read head is disclosed including a shield layer
     with a recessed portion and a protruding portion defined by the recessed
     portion. Also included is an MR sensor located in vertical alignment with
     the protruding portion of the shield layer. Further provided is at least
     one gap layer situated above and below the MR sensor. At least one of
     such gap layers is positioned in the recessed portion of the shield
     layer. By this design, a combined thickness of the gap layers is thinner
     adjacent to the MR sensor and the protruding portion of the shield layer,
     while being thicker adjacent to the recessed portion of the shield layer.
     As such, optimum insulation is provided while maintaining planar gap
     layer surfaces to avoid the detrimental ramifications of reflective
     notching and the swing curve effect."
"The sensor of the present invention is a tunneling magnetoresistive read
     sensor that includes first and second electrodes, and a stack positioned
     between the electrodes. The stack includes at least one sense layer and a
     tunnel barrier. A shunt member is operatively coupled to the electrodes
     in parallel with the stack. The shunt member diverts current flowing from
     the first electrode to the second electrode when the sensor is
     operational so that current simultaneously flows through the stack and
     the shunt member to reduce the effective resistance of the sensor."
"A top-pinned magnetoresistive device includes a free ferromagnetic layer;
     a spacer layer on the free layer; and a pinned ferromagnetic layer on the
     spacer layer. At least one interface property at an upper surface of the
     pinned layer is adjusted during fabrication of the magnetoresistive
     device."
"A thin-film includes an inductive element and a first and second
     magneto-resistive effect elements in which the first and second
     magneto-resistive effect elements are arranged in proximity to each other
     on a substrate, and one surface of the substrate perpendicular to the
     surface formed with the first and second magneto-resistive effect
     elements constitutes a slider surface, thereby providing appropriate
     hight of the magneto-resistive effect elements."
"A data storage medium such as a disc for a disc drive having a data
     signal layer configured for providing a data signal and a servo signal
     layer that includes first material a second materials having thermal
     characteristics that are distinct from one another. The first material
     and second material define at least one signal feature for providing a
     modulating servo signal based upon the variation of thermal properties in
     the servo signal layer. The first material may define spaced features of
     a servo pattern such as grooves and pits and the second material may fill
     the grooves and pits or other features. The intersection of the first and
     second material may provide a distinct thermal transition so that when
     the medium, typically a disc, is rotated around an axis, the servo
     features generate a thermo signal having a frequency proportional to the
     spacing between the signal features and an amplitude that is a function
     of the thermal properties of the first material and the second material.
     The modulating servo signal may be detected by a thermal sensor which may
     include a magneto resistive element. The thermal system may be configured
     so that a data element detects both a servo signal and a data signal. The
     output from the data element may be processed to isolate the servo signal
     and data signal. Alternatively, the data signal and thermally-detectable
     servo signal may be detected by separate elements."
"A semiconductor device includes a memory portion in which a plurality of
     magneto-resistance effect elements each having a hard-axis of
     magnetization and an easy-axis of magnetization are arranged and one of
     binary data is written in all the magneto-resistance effect elements, and
     a circuit portion to which a write current is supplied to write only the
     other one of the binary data in only a selected magneto-resistance effect
     element selected from the magneto-resistance effect elements."
"The invention provides a high performance magnetic recording medium used
     in the magnetic recording system using the MR head for the regeneration
     head, wherein the magnetic recording medium does not damage the MR head
     by direct sliding contact while having durability and self-cleaning power
     enough for preventing abrasion of the magnetic recording medium itself."
"A method for producing magneto resistive heads includes the steps of
     positioning at least two magneto resistive elements in spaced relation to
     one another and placing the at least two magneto resistive elements in an
     ion milling environment where material is removed nonselectively from
     items in the environment. A property of at least two of the plurality of
     magneto resistive elements is monitored. In response to monitoring, one
     of the at least two magneto resistive elements is dynamically covered to
     prevent additional removal of material from the covered magneto resistive
     element."
"A magnetic memory device includes magnetoresistance-effect storage
     elements arranged so as to store information by using a change in a
     magnetization direction of a storage area of each of the storage
     elements, and a control unit. The control unit controls a polarity of a
     first wiring current for generating a recording auxiliary magnetic field
     in a direction of a hard magnetization axis of the storage area, and a
     polarity of a second wiring current for generating a recording magnetic
     field in a direction of an easy magnetization axis of the storage area.
     Each of the first and second wiring currents has a first polarity when
     generating a ""1"" and a second polarity, different from the first
     polarity, when generating a ""0""."
"A magnetoresistive head assembly of the present invention includes a
     magnetoresistive sensor and an electrostatic discharge and electrical
     overstress protection circuit. The magnetoresistive sensor is capable of
     having conducted therethrough oppositely-directed first direction current
     and second direction current. The magnetoresistive sensor is sensitive to
     first direction currents in excess of a first predetermined value and to
     second direction currents in excess of a second predetermined value
     different than the first predetermined value. The electrostatic discharge
     and electrical overstress protection circuit is electrically connected to
     the magnetoresistive sensor for preventing only those first direction
     currents greater than the first predetermined value from flowing though
     the magnetoresistive sensor and only those second direction currents
     greater than the second predetermined value from flowing through the
     magnetoresistive sensor."
"An MR head includes a slider, and a film structure part which is located
     on an air outflow side of the slider and includes an MR element for
     reproducing. The film structure part has an end surface located on an
     identical side as a floating surface of the slider. The end surface of
     the film structure part and the floating surface of the slider form a
     step-like recess which has a depth making it possible to prevent a fine
     projection on a magnetic disk from hitting the end surface of the film
     structure part."
"A sensor arrangement includes at least two half bridges coupled together
     to form at least a Wheatstone bridge, and includes at least two
     magnetoresistive sensor elements in each half bridge. These sensor
     elements are sensitive along a measuring direction to the magnetic field
     strength of an applied magnetic field and are adapted to supply a
     measuring signal in dependence upon a field component of the magnetic
     field, denoted as a measuring field and measured in the measuring
     direction. In each half bridge, at least two of the sensor elements have
     barberpole structures with a mutually different alignment. The
     co-ordinates of the sensor elements of at least one of the half bridges
     and the co-ordinates of the sensor elements of at least another one of
     the half bridges are chosen to be different to a predetermined extent
     along an axis of co-ordinates extending in the measuring direction."
"A manufacturing method of an MR thin-film magnetic head with an MR film
     and lead conductors overlapping each other, includes a step of depositing
     a conductor layer on at least the magnetoresistive effect film, a step of
     forming a cap layer patterned on the deposited conductor layer, and a
     step of dry-etching the deposited conductor layer through a mask of the
     patterned cap layer using an Ar gas and an O.sub.2 gas, an O.sub.2 gas or
     a N.sub.2 gas so as to pattern the deposited conductor film to form the
     lead conductors."
"A method of manufacturing a magnetoresistance effect device, including:
     forming a first ferromagnetic body, a nonmagnetic dielectric layer on the
     first ferromagnetic body, and a second ferromagnetic body on the
     nonmagnetic dielectric layer; etching part of an external region of a
     predetermined ferromagnetic tunnel junction region using a first linear
     mask pattern which is traversing the predetermined ferromagnetic tunnel
     junction region; and etching another part of the external region of the
     predetermined ferromagnetic tunnel junction region using a second linear
     mask pattern which is traversing the predetermined ferromagnetic tunnel
     junction region and intersecting with the first linear mask pattern."
"Magnetic heads capable of recording and reading with high sensitivity and
     resolution are provided by minimizing the outflow of magnetic fluxes from
     a flux guide to magnetic shields while using a flux guide structure for
     an MR element. In the magnetic head, magnetic shields exposed on a
     surface opposite a magnetic recording medium (air bearing surface) and a
     flux guide exposed between the magnetic heads via a non-magnetic layer
     are provided, and magnetic fluxes are guided by the flux guide to a
     magnetoresistive (MR) element formed in a position not exposed on the air
     bearing surface. The height of the magnetic shields in direction
     perpendicular to the air bearing surface is less than the distance from
     the air bearing surface to the MR element."
"A magnetoresistive read head having a corrugated magnetoresistive layer
     wherein the corrugated section does not encroach on magnetic elements on
     either end of the magnetoresistive layer. The corrugations in the
     magnetoresistive layer stabilize the magnetization in the center region
     of the read head, while the magnetic elements stabilize the magnetization
     at the ends. By separating the two stabilization methods, unfavorable
     interactions between them is reduced."
"A method for segmenting magnetic resonance (MR) images of an anatomical
     body of interest, for example the brain, comprises classifying a
     plurality of selected structures within the body of interest based on a
     plurality of image processing computations wherein the computations are
     adapted to relate respective T2 relaxation times corresponding to each of
     the structures. Thereafter, the method comprises segmenting the MR images
     for each of the structures substantially concurrently based on the
     plurality of image computations. A system for automatically segmenting
     magnetic resonance (MR) images of an anatomical body of interest
     comprises a processor coupled to an MR image acquisition device wherein
     the processor is adapted to perform concurrent segmentation computations
     for a plurality of selected structures within the anatomical body of
     interest. The system further comprises an interface unit coupled to the
     processor adapted to present information relating to the segmented
     computations corresponding to the plurality of selected structures."
"A thin-film magnetic head comprises a magnetoresistive film, a pair of
     magnetic domain control layers for applying a bias magnetic field to the
     magnetoresistive film, a pair of electrode layers for supplying a current
     to the magnetoresistive film, first and second shield layers for
     shielding the magnetoresistive film, a first insulating layer disposed
     between the magnetoresistive film and magnetic domain control layer and
     the first shield layer, and a second insulating layer disposed between
     the magnetoresistive film and electrode layer and the second shield
     layer. The shield layers have a distance therebetween shorter at a
     position where the electrode layer and magnetic domain control layer are
     laminated than that at a position where the magnetoresistive film is
     located. While the surface of the magnetic domain control layer on the
     first insulating layer side at the position where the electrode film and
     magnetic domain control layer are laminated is taken as a reference
     surface, the distance from the reference surface to the surface of the
     electrode layer on the second insulating layer side is set shorter than
     the distance from the reference surface to the surface of the
     magnetoresistive film on the second insulating layer side."
"The method of making a thin-film magnetic head in accordance with the
     present invention forms a cover layer on an insulating layer about a
     magnetoresistive film so as to eliminate a protrusion riding on the
     magnetoresistive film. Then, the protrusion can be eliminated by etching.
     The part of insulating layer clad with the cover layer is not etched.
     This can prevent short-circuit from occurring because of thinning the
     insulating layer."
"A self aligned magnetoresistive sensor having a narrow and well defined
     track width and method of manufacture thereof."
"The magnetoresistive sensor has an MR stack and side shields formed by
     contacts and/or pedestals on either side of the MR stack. The materials
     for the contacts and pedestals are selected to be magnetically soft,
     electrically conductive and have a low AMR signal. The contacts and
     pedestals are magnetically decoupled from the hard bias materials by
     placement of spacers."
"A magnetic head includes a first shielding layer, a second shielding
     layer, an MR element, and a marker layer. The layers and the element are
     exposed from a medium sliding surface while being inclined at an azimuth
     angle. A major part of the marker layer is disposed inside two imaginary
     azimuth lines, which extend straight in one direction through both end
     portions in the track-width direction of the MR element, in the
     track-width direction, and both end portions thereof are disposed outside
     the imaginary azimuth lines in the track-width direction. In the magnetic
     head, the MR height can be precisely controlled, and changes in asymmetry
     are reduced."
"An apparatus for improving stability of a magnetoresistive random access
     memory over process and operational variations includes a current
     reference circuit that provides a reference current control signal to
     variable analog control circuitry. The variable analog control circuitry
     is connected to receive control signals from the current reference. The
     variable analog control circuitry generates a word current reference
     signal in response to the reference current control signal and further
     generates a source current reference signal in response to the reference
     current control signal. At least one word current source is connected to
     receive the word current reference signal. At least one sense current
     source is connected to receive the source current reference signal."
"A semiconductor memory device includes memory cell arrays, word lines,
     sub-sense lines, main sense line, row decoders, column decoders, first
     switch elements, read circuit, and write circuit. Each memory cell array
     has a matrix of memory cells including magnetoresistive elements. Each
     magnetoresistive element has first and second magnetic layers and a first
     insulating layer formed between the first and second magnetic layers. The
     word line is connected to the first magnetic layers on each row. The
     sub-sense line is connected to the second magnetic layers on each column.
     The main sense line is connected to each sub-sense line. The row decoder
     and column decoder select a word line and sub-sense line. The first
     switch element connects the sub-sense line selected by the column decoder
     to the main sense line. The read circuit reads out data from a memory
     cell. The write circuit writes data in a memory cell."
"A magnetic recording head, a magnetic reproducing head, a magnetic
     recording apparatus comprising the magnetic recording head, and a
     magnetic reproducing apparatus comprising the magnetic reproducing head
     are described. The magnetic reproducing head having a magnetic gap at a
     medium-facing surface and includes a pair of magnetic yokes of
     ferromagnetic material, a magnetoresistance effect film, and a pair of
     biasing films. One of the pair of magnetic yokes has a magnetic tip at
     the medium-facing surface and also a rear portion recessed from the
     medium-facing surface and magnetically coupled to the magnetic tip. The
     magnetic tip has a first width in a track width direction at the
     medium-facing surface, and the rear portion has a second width in the
     track width direction wider than the first width. The magnetoresistance
     effect film is recessed from the medium-facing surface and is
     magnetically coupled to the pair of magnetic yokes of ferromagnetic
     material. The pair of biasing films are recessed from the medium-facing
     surface and one of the pair of biasing films comprises a hard magnetic
     material layer disposed adjacent to the rear portion or an
     antiferromagnetic material layer disposed in contact with the rear
     portion. The magnetic tip may be provided with appropriate volume of the
     magnetic biasing from the magnetic biasing film and magnetic domains in
     the magnetic tip may be sufficiently controlled."
"A combined stripe of a magnetoresistive (MR) film and domain control
     stripe layers can be formed below a photoresist film on the surface of a
     substratum. An insulating base layer is then formed to extend over the
     surface of the substratum. The insulating base layer is allowed to cover
     over the photoresist film, the magnetoresistive film and the domain
     control stripe layers on the substratum. When the photoresist film is
     removed, the insulating base layer remains on the substratum. The
     insulating base layer keeps contacting the side surface of the
     magnetoresistive film. The magnetoresistive film can be kept covered with
     the insulating base layer at the side surface during a subsequent etching
     process. Any chemical reaction can be avoided between the
     magnetoresistive film and the etching gas employed in the etching
     process. The resulting magnetoresistive head element is allowed to
     exhibit an ideal characteristic in the magnetoresistive effect."
"The thin-film magnetic head of the present invention is provided with an
     antiferromagnetic layer, a pinned layer whose direction of magnetization
     is fixed by exchange-coupling with the antiferromagnetic layer, a free
     layer whose direction of magnetization varies according to external
     magnetic field, an intermediate layer disposed between the pinned layer
     and free layer, and a pair of electrode layers for supplying a sense
     current in a layer thickness direction of the free layer. One electrode
     layer is connected to the pinned layer. Due to this configuration, a
     sense current flows through the free layer, the intermediate layer, and
     the pinned layer, but basically does not flow through the
     antiferromagnetic layer. As a consequence, the antiferromagnetic layer
     does not contribute to total resistance of the magnetoresistance element,
     allowing a high magnetoresistance ratio to be obtained."
"In one illustrative embodiment of the invention, a spin valve sensor of a
     magnetic head has a free layer structure; an antiparallel (AP)
     self-pinned layer structure; and a non-magnetic electrically conductive
     spacer layer in between the free layer structure and the AP self-pinned
     layer structure. The AP self-pinned layer structure includes a first AP
     pinned layer; a second AP pinned layer; an antiparallel coupling (APC)
     layer formed between the first and the second AP pinned layers. At least
     one of the first and the second AP pinned layers is made of cobalt having
     no iron content. The other AP pinned layer may be formed of cobalt,
     cobalt-iron, or other suitable material. The use of cobalt in the AP
     self-pinned layer structure increases its magnetostriction to increase
     the self-pinning effect. Preferably, the first AP pinned layer is
     cobalt-iron and the second AP pinned layer is cobalt which provides for
     both an increase in magnetostriction and magnetoresistive coefficient
     .DELTA.r/R of the sensor."
"What is described is a configuration for determining the position of a
     body along a movement direction, wherein the body is in the form of a
     magnetized encoder with two magnetic tracks extending, on one surface of
     the body, along the movement direction, at least essentially in parallel
     with one another, wherein, at specified intervals along the movement
     direction, a first of the magnetic tracks exhibits magnetized sections in
     which the magnetic north poles are aligned so as to be at least largely
     coincident in a magnetization direction that is essentially at
     right-angles to the surface of the body, and wherein, at intervals
     specified to coincide with the above-mentioned intervals along the
     movement coordinate, the second of the magnetic tracks exhibits
     magnetized sections in which the magnetic south poles are aligned so as
     to be at least largely coincident in the said magnetization direction,
     and wherein, in each case, a magnetized section of one of the magnetic
     tracks is located at least largely centrally in relation to a gap between
     two magnetized sections of the other magnetic track, with a
     magnetoresistive sensor, in the form of an angle sensor, which is
     arranged above the magnetic tracks, for determining the directions of
     magnetic fields brought about by the magnetized sections of the magnetic
     tracks in an area extending along the movement coordinate, essentially in
     parallel with the surface of the body. By virtue of the invention, a
     simple configuration for the precise determination of the position of a
     body along a movement direction is created, wherein this configuration
     does not necessarily have to be affixed centrally upstream of the head of
     the body."
"What is described is a configuration for determining the position of a
     body on an at least largely linear motion coordinate, along which two
     magnetic configurations are disposed, each equipped with at least one
     pair of magnetic north and south poles, and disposed between the magnetic
     configurations is a magnetoresistive angle-sensor configuration, which is
     set up to measure the direction of a resultant magnetic field spanned by
     the magnetic configurations and extending between them in a measurement
     plane relative to a spatial reference direction lying in this measurement
     plane. The motion coordinate is aligned at least largely at right angles
     to the measurement plane of the magnetoresistive angle-sensor
     configuration, and magnetic axes of the two magnetic configurations
     extend essentially parallel to the measurement plane and projections of
     these magnetic axes onto the measurement plane are aligned to be offset
     by predetermined angles relative to one another. At least a first of the
     magnetic configurations is connected to the body and disposed to be
     mobile, together with the latter, relative to the magnetoresistive
     angle-sensor configuration along the motion coordinate. As a result, a
     configuration for determining the position of a body with the aid of an
     angle sensor in cases of an at least largely linear motion is created."
"A method for fabricating a current-perpendicular-to-plane (CPP) giant
     magnetoresistive (GMR) sensor of the synthetic spin valve type is
     provided, the method including an electron-beam lithographic process
     employing both primary and secondary electron absorption and first and
     second self-aligned lift-off processes for patterning the capped
     ferromagnetic free layer and the conducting, non-magnetic spacer layer.
     The sensor so fabricated has reduced resistance and increased
     sensitivity."
"In a giant magnetoresistive head, a magnetic read width is reduced and a
     read output is increased. The giant magnetoresistive head has a
     magnetoresistive film having a pinned layer, a non-magnetic layer, and a
     free layer, a pair of terminals for applying a current to the
     magnetoresistive film, and bias applying means for applying a bias
     magnetic field for magnetic domain control to the free layer. The free
     layer has a sensing region and a pair of out-of-sensing-region regions on
     both ends of the sensing region. The magnetization direction of one of
     the out-of-sensing-region regions and the magnetization direction of the
     other out-of-sensing-region region have different components in a
     direction of element height of head. The magnetization of the one
     out-of-sensing-region region and the magnetization of the other
     out-of-sensing-region region are nearly symmetrical relative to the
     sensing region interposed therebetween."
"A magnetoresistive element has a magnetoresistive film and a pair of
     electrodes adapted to flow a sense current in a direction substantially
     perpendicular to a plane of the magnetoresistive film. The
     magnetoresistive film includes first and second magnetization free layers
     and first to fourth magnetization pinned layers with nonmagnetic
     intermediate layers interposed therebetween. The second magnetization
     pinned layer and the third magnetization pinned layer are formed between
     the second nonmagnetic intermediate layer and the third nonmagnetic
     intermediate layer. The directions of magnetization of the first and
     second magnetization pinned layers are substantially parallel to each
     other. The directions of magnetization of the third and fourth
     magnetization pinned layers are substantially parallel to each other.
     Further, the direction of magnetization of the second magnetization
     pinned layer is substantially antiparallel to the direction of
     magnetization of the third magnetization pinned layer."
"A smaller electrode layer of an upper electrode is formed on a surface of
     a free magnetic layer. A domain controlling film of an insulating
     material is formed adjacent to the smaller electrode layer on the surface
     of the free magnetic layer. Magnetization of the free magnetic layer is
     oriented in a single direction based on magnetic exchange coupling
     between the domain controlling film and the free magnetic layer. An
     electric connection is established between the free magnetic layer and
     the upper electrode only through the smaller electrode layer. The path of
     a sensing current can be reduced in the free and a pinned magnetic layer.
     A higher sensitivity can thus be obtained in the CPP structure
     magnetoresistive element. Effective magnetic core width can also be
     reduced in the CPP structure magnetoresistive element."
"A base film of a hard magnetic film containing Co as a structural element
     has a crystal metal base film such as a Cr film formed on the main
     surface of a substrate and a reactive base film (mixing layer) formed
     between the substrate and the crystal metal base film and having a
     reactive amorphous layer containing a structural element of the substrate
     and a structural element of the crystal metal base film. A hard magnetic
     film containing Co as a structural element is formed on the crystal metal
     base film. With the crystal metal base film such as the Cr film formed on
     an amorphous layer, a hard magnetic film with a bi-crystal structure can
     be obtained with high reproducibility. With the hard magnetic film,
     magnetic characteristics such as coercive force Hc, residual
     magnetization Mr, saturated magnetization Ms, and square ratio S can be
     improved without need to use a thick base film. The hard magnetic film
     containing Co as a structural element is applied to a bias magnetic field
     applying film of a magnetoresistance effect device and a record layer of
     a magnetic record medium."
"A magnetic recording medium which comprises a substrate, an orientation
     control layer formed directly thereon, and a Co alloy magnetic layer
     formed thereon directly or indirectly with a Cr underlayer or Cr alloy
     underlayer interposed between them, the orientation control layer having
     an L10 crystal structure, L21 crystal structure, fcc crystal structure,
     or B2 (CsCl) crystal structure containing B, owing to this construction,
     has a high coercive force and a low noise level and is only slightly
     vulnerable to thermal fluctuation. A magnetic storage device having a
     magnetic recording medium, a driver to turn said magnetic recording
     medium in the recording direction, a magnetic head including a recording
     element and a read-back element, means to move the magnetic head relative
     to the magnetic recording medium, and a record-read signal processing
     means to perform waveform processing on input signals to and output
     signals from the magnetic head, uses this magnetic recording medium and
     has a magnetoresistive effect read-back element in its magnetic head.
     This magnetic storage device has a recording density in excess of 3
     Gbit/in.sup.2."
"A method of manufacturing a magnetic head device includes forming a thin
     film magnetic head element over a substrate, the thin film magnetic head
     element including a magnetoresistance (MR) element. The substrate is cut
     such that the MR element is exposed on a side surface of the substrate.
     The side surface is then polished. Afterward, a magnetically degenerated
     layer is removed from the thin film magnetic head element along the side
     surface. It is emphasized that this abstract is provided to comply with
     the rules requiring an abstract that will allow a searcher or other
     reader to quickly ascertain the subject matter of the technical
     disclosure. It is submitted with the understanding that it will not be
     used to interpret or limit the scope or meaning of the claims."
"A method to adjust an operating parameter of a magnetoresistive random
     access memory having a tunable circuit, such as a bias control circuit,
     provides for measuring the operating parameter, such as a word current or
     sense current, of the magnetoresistive random access memory to obtain a
     measured operating parameter result and tuning the tunable circuit, such
     as with trimmable resistors, based on the measured operating parameter
     result. A method is also provided to adjust an operating parameter of a
     wafer of magnetic random access memories each having a tunable circuit by
     measuring the operating parameter one or more of the magnetic random
     access memories to obtain a measured operating parameter result and
     tuning some or all of the tunable circuits based on the measured
     operating parameter result."
"Method and apparatus for characterizing the flight characteristics of a
     read/write head. A disc is accelerated to a selected rotational velocity
     sufficient to aerodynamically support the head. The head is positioned
     over a portion of the disc non-accessible to customer data and a
     magnetoresistive element of the read/write is biased using a suitable
     voltage or current. A media noise landing signature obtained as the
     element transduces white noise from the surface identifies the head as a
     low-flying head."
"A gyroscope (10) for determining rate of rotation includes a giant
     magnetoresistor (GMR) (14) attached to a mass (12) oscillating along a
     first axis. When the gyroscope (10) is rotated, the mass (12) also
     oscillates along a second axis perpendicular to the first axis. A
     magnetic element (16), which includes of a strip of magnetic bits (18),
     is disposed along the first axis, the second axis, or both. The magnetic
     bits (18) supply discrete magnetic fields. The GMR (14) changes in
     electrical resistance when exposed to these magnetic fields. A voltage
     sensor (20) and processor (34) are then utilized to calculate the rate of
     rotation."
"A method for improving hard bias properties of layers of a
     magnetoresistance sensor is disclosed. Properties of the hard bias layer
     are improved using a seedlayer structure that includes at least a first
     layer of silicon and a second layer comprising chromium or chromium
     molybdenum. Further, benefits are achieved when the seedlayer structure
     includes a layer of tantalum."
"The present invention relates to a magnetoresistive sensing device, a
     system and a method for determining a density of magnetic particles in a
     fluid. The magnetoresistive sensing device has a substrate (1) with a
     layer structure (2) for supporting a fluid (3). The layer structure has a
     first surface area (4) in a first level and a second surface area (5) in
     another second level and a magnetoresistive element (6) for detecting the
     magnetic field of at least one magnetic particle (7) in the fluid, the
     magnetoresistive element being positioned near a transition (8) between
     the first and second surface area and facing at least one of the surface
     areas. A corresponding system and method is described as well."
"A magnetoresistive thin film head comprises a magnetoresistive element
     including an antiferromagnetic layer, a pinned layer, a nonmagnetic
     conductive layer and a free magnetic layer, and a pair of the right and
     the left laminated transverse biasing layers, each including a
     nonmagnetic layer, a ferromagnetic layer and an antiferromagnetic layer,
     provided on the free magnetic layer constituting said magnetoresistive
     element. The layer thickness of said nonmagnetic layer has been
     established to a certain specific value so that magnetizing direction in
     said free magnetic layer opposing to the ferromagnetic layer via said
     nonmagnetic layer assumes a direction that is opposite to that of said
     ferromagnetic layer."
"Systems and methods for identifying the relative contribution of fat and
     water signals in a magnetic resonance (""MR"") image including an algorithm
     operable for selecting an image signal model, selecting a scan parameter,
     forming a bias field estimate, applying a bias correction to a phase
     image, estimating the signal fraction of fat and water at each of a
     plurality of voxels, and forming a fat-suppressed image, a
     water-suppressed image, or a combination of a fat-based image and a
     water-based image. The (""MRI"") fat suppression systems and methods
     requiring only a single image acquisition including an algorithm operable
     for selecting a relative phase of approximately .theta.=.pi./2 or another
     suitable relative phase, employing an expectation maximization algorithm
     to classify the phase of the complex image, and projecting complex
     vectors into fat and water components to obtain fat and water images."
"An improved magnetic random access memory (MRAM) has two sets of signal
     lines where each set is substantially perpendicular to the other, and
     memory cells located at the intersections of the signal lines. Each
     memory cell has a magneto-resistant element containing a magnetization
     layer whose magnetic characteristics change depending on the intensity of
     the magnetic field applied. A desired magnetic field can be applied to
     any cell by supplying appropriate write currents to the signal lines
     intersecting at that cell. The relationship between applied magnetic
     fields, two different threshold function values, and four different
     magnetic fields that result at each cell is disclosed. Better
     performance, namely, improved selectivity and a more stable write
     operation, results."
"A reception unit for an MR device with at least two local antennas has a
     combination network to which the antennas are connected separately for
     combination of the antenna signals. The combination network generates at
     least two different modes that are linear combinations of the antenna
     signals, and at least two of which are present at an output of the
     combination network."
"Magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) is used to provide in-pixel
     memory circuits for display devices. A memory circuit (25) comprises
     memory elements, for storing a drive setting, and a read-out circuit, for
     example a flip-flop circuit (64), for reading-out the stored drive
     setting. The memory elements comprise two MRAMs (60, 62), each coupled to
     a respective input of the flip-flop circuit (64). A drive circuit (26) is
     coupled to the read-out circuit and a pixel display electrode (27) for
     driving the pixel display electrode (27) dependent upon the read-out
     drive setting with drive current that does not pass through the MRAMs
     (60, 62). A display device (1) is provided comprising a plurality of
     pixels (20) each associated with one such memory circuit (25) and drive
     circuit (26)."
"A method of forming a tunneling magnetoresistive head begins by forming a
     tunneling magnetoresistive stack having a tunnel barrier. An air bearing
     surface is formed of the tunneling magnetoresistive stack. The air
     bearing surface is ion etched causing a deficiency of a constituent in a
     portion of the tunnel barrier adjacent the air bearing surface. The
     deficiency of the constituent is replenished in the portion of the tunnel
     barrier adjacent the air bearing surface to restore the electrical
     properties of the tunnel barrier."
"The present invention describes a matrix with magnetoresistive memory
     cells arranged in logically organized rows and columns, Each memory cell
     includes a magnetoresistive element. The matrix comprises means for
     simultaneously reading from one cell in a column and writing to another
     cell in a column, or means for simultaneous reading from one cell in a
     row and writing to another cell in the same row. Such matrix can be used
     in a read-while-write MRAM memory."
"A multi-state magnetoresistive random access memory device having a
     pinned ferromagnetic region with a magnetic moment vector fixed in a
     preferred direction in the absence of an applied magnetic field, an
     non-ferromagnetic spacer layer positioned on the pinned ferromagnetic
     region, and a free ferromagnetic region with an anisotropy designed to
     provide a free magnetic moment vector within the free ferromagnetic
     region with N stable positions, wherein N is a whole number greater than
     two, positioned on the non-ferromagnetic spacer layer. The number N of
     stable positions can he induced by a shape anisotropy of the free
     ferromagnetic region wherein each N stable position has a unique
     resistance value."
"A magnetoresistive sensor element is provided, having a magnetoresistive
     layer system which, in top view, is at least regionally striated. The
     sensor element operates on the basis of the GMR effect and is constructed
     according to the spin valve principle, the striated layer system
     featuring a reference layer having a direction of magnetization
     substantially uninfluenced by a direction of an outer magnetic field
     acting on it. During operation, the sensor element provides a measuring
     signal which changes as a function of a measurement angle between the
     component of the field strength of the outer magnetic field lying in the
     plane of the layer system, and the direction of magnetization, and from
     which this measurement angle is able to be ascertained. In addition,
     observed in a top view of the striated layer system, the angle between
     the direction of magnetization in the absence of the outer magnetic field
     and the longitudinal direction of the striated layer system is set in
     such a way that in response to an influence of the outer magnetic field
     having a defined field strength, which is selected from a predefined work
     interval, the angle error of the layer system, as a function of this
     angle and the field strength, is minimal."
"The present invention discloses a magnetoresistive random access memory
     (MRAM) and a manufacturing method thereof. The whole cells are connected
     to each other by using a substrate as a ground terminal and a vertical
     structure field effect transistor (FET) for connecting the cells to the
     bit line. Thus, the MRAM is easily manufactured without requiring a
     special process for isolation of each cell. The MRAM uses the vertical
     structure FET to simplify the whole manufacturing process. An MTJ cell
     mask process which is essential in a general horizontal structure FET is
     omitted, to improve a speed of the MRAM and attain high integration of
     the MRAM."
"The invention relates to magnetic field sensors in which
     magnetoresistance is used as the physical phenomenon for detecting and
     measuring the magnetic field. It consists in producing a stack comprising
     a first ferromagnetic layer (101), an insulating layer (103), a second
     ferromagnetic layer (102) and an antiferromagnetic layer (104). The two
     ferromagnetic layers exhibit crossed magnetic anisotropies and form with
     the insulating layer a tunnel junction. The anisotropy of the first layer
     is obtained from the shape energy of the substrate on which this first
     layer rests and which is slightly misoriented with respect thereto. The
     anisotropy of the second layer is obtained by the action of the
     antiferromagnetic layer."
"A fuel level sensor for sensing and monitoring the level of remaining
     fluid in a container such as a fuel tank for a motorized vehicle is
     disclosed. The fuel level sensor incorporates an improved float and pivot
     arm member attached to a hub that rotates about a pivot base. The
     conventional resistor card technology, commonly found in automotive
     applications for translating the position of the float into an electrical
     signal, is replaced by a more reliable non-contact magnetic flux sensing
     circuit. The fuel level sensor incorporates a magnetic sensor and
     magnetic circuit in a commonly known and practiced rotational position
     sensor configuration for determining the angular position of a hub
     relative to its pivot base, where the hub is attached to a conventional
     float-arm member and the base remains stationary relative to the fuel
     container. The preferred embodiment includes a magnetic flux sensor
     positioned between two movable magnets. The magnetic flux sensing element
     is a Hall effect integrated circuit, magnetoresistor, magnetodiode,
     magnetotransistor, or similar magnetic flux sensing element with
     associated electronic circuitry having adjustable or programmable
     features including ratiometry, gain, offset voltage, temperature
     coefficient, and output signal range limiting. Critical electronic
     components are hermetically sealed making the fuel level sensor fully
     submersible in fuel for long term fuel exposure."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor having a decreased electrical profile due
     to a confining of the device sense current within a conductive
     nanoconstriction. The MR sensor includes a giant magnetoresistive (GMR)
     stack and a layer of high resistivity material within the GMR stack. The
     layer of high resistivity material includes a nanoconstriction precursor.
     When a punch current is applied at the nanoconstriction precursor, a
     conductive nanoconstriction is formed through the layer of high
     resistivity material at the nanoconstriction precursor."
"A semiconductor integrated circuit device comprises magneto-resistive
     elements, bit lines electrically connected to the magneto-resistive
     elements at an end of the latter, read word lines electrically connected
     to the magneto-resistive elements at the other end of the latter and
     write word lines. The write word lines are insulated from the
     magneto-resistive elements and adapted to apply a magnetic field to
     selected magneto-resistive elements at the time of writing data to the
     selected magneto-resistive elements."
"The upper portion of a magnetoresistive film is interposed between
     insulators in the lateral direction of a recording track in a
     current-perpendicular-to-the-plane structure magnetoresistive element.
     Domain control magnetic layers sandwich the upper portion of the
     magnetoresistive film along with the insulators in the lateral direction.
     The insulators serve to establish a narrower path for electric current
     between the lower portion of the magnetoresistive film and an upper
     electrode layer. The substantial width in the lateral direction can thus
     be reduced in the magnetoresistive film. In addition, a longitudinal
     biasing magnetic field established between the domain control magnetic
     layers efficiently acts on the magnetoresistive film. In particular, if a
     free magnetic layer is included in the upper portion of the
     magnetoresistive film, the free magnetic layer can be subjected to a
     larger longitudinal biasing magnetic field. A single domain property can
     be realized in the free ferromagnetic layer enough. The Barkhausen noise
     can be reduced."
"A magnetoresistive head of CPP structure in which an insulating
     protective film 20 covers at least part of the boundary between the lower
     shield layer 10 and the non-magnetic film 11 adjacent thereto so as to
     reduce the area of the lower shield layer which is exposed on the surface
     of the substrate when the magnetoresistive film is patterned. This
     construction minimizes damage that occurs when the magnetoresistive film
     is patterned and also reduces the fraction defective due to current
     leakage across the upper and lower shields."
"A magnetically recorded data reproduction apparatus that reproduces
     magnetically recorded data using a magnetoresistive head and method
     thereof. The recorded data are reproduced by a magnetoresistive head and
     supplied to a reproduction amplifier. A signal from an AGC amplifier is
     supplied to an A/D converter and a digital PLL circuit. A digitized
     signal is then supplied to, for example, a Viterbi decoder 13 and the
     decoded signal is obtained at an output terminal 14. Thus, the effect of
     noise due to the so-called thermal asperity (TA noise) is removed,
     thereby preventing increases in the error rate of the reproduction
     signals due to the effect of TA noise and the occurrence of problems in
     equipment."
"A magnetoresistive spin-valve sensor is constructed to include a magnetic
     layer, a specular layer made of a metal oxide, a back layer made of Au,
     Cu, AuCu, AgCu, AuAgCu or an alloy thereof and interposed between the
     magnetic layer and the specular layer, and a metal layer disposed
     adjacent to the specular layer, opposite to the back layer, and made of a
     metal which improves GMR performance of the magnetoresistive spin-valve
     sensor."
"A manufacturing method of an MR sensor including a step of stacking an
     anti-ferromagnetic layer made of an electrically conductive
     anti-ferromagnetic material, a step of stacking a pinned layer on the
     anti-ferromagnetic layer, a step of stacking a nonmagnetic spacer layer
     on the pinned layer, a step of exposing at least once a surface of the
     nonmagnetic spacer layer to an oxygen-contained atmosphere, a step of
     stacking a free layer on the nonmagnetic spacer layer, a magnetization
     direction of the free layer being free depending upon a magnetic filed
     applied thereto, and a step of providing the pinned layer a magnetization
     direction fixed by an exchange coupling between the anti-ferromagnetic
     layer and the pinned layer."
"A magnetoresistive sensor having bias stabilization tabs includes a
     protective cap layer. The protective cap layer prevents oxidation, avoids
     potential damage from using ion milling for oxidation removal, and lowers
     parasitic resistance. In one embodiment, a bias layer, having a central
     portion with quenched magnetic moment, is formed over the free layer with
     an intervening coupling layer. A disk drive is provided with the
     magnetoresistive sensor including a protective cap layer."
"The magnetic head of the present invention includes a magnetoresistive
     read head element in which a magnetic bias layer is deposited across the
     surface of the wafer above the free magnetic layer. Central portions of
     the biasing layer that correspond to the read head track width are
     oxidized to essentially remove the magnetic moment of the bias layer
     material in those central locations. An oxygen diffusion barrier layer is
     then deposited upon the oxidized central portions of the biasing layer to
     prevent diffusion or migration of oxygen from the oxidized central
     regions of the biasing layer. An insulation layer, a second magnetic
     shield layer and further structures of the magnetic head are subsequently
     fabricated."
"In a spin value type transducer including two magnetic shield layers, a
     patterned magnetoresistance element is in direct contact with one of the
     magnetic shield layers. A permanent magnet layer and an electrode layer
     are formed on the sides of the patterned magnetoresistance element."
"A transmitter having an improved current output is provided, having: a
     sensor (1), which serves to register a physical quantity (X) and to
     convert such to an electrical quantity; electronics, which converts the
     electrical quantity into a measurement signal and makes such available at
     an electrical current output in the form of a signal current (I)
     corresponding to the physical quantity; and a pick-up unit having a
     magnetoresistive element, whose resistance changes as a function of the
     magnetic flux (.PHI.) produced by the signal current (I)."
"A birdcage coil for use with a magnetic resonance (MR) system comprises a
     first ring at one thereof, a second ring at the other end thereof, and a
     plurality of rods electrically interconnecting the first and second
     rings. The first ring is electrically conductive and has a first
     diameter. The second ring is electrically conductive and has a second
     diameter. The rods and first and second rings are configured to form
     about the birdcage coil a plurality of partially-overlapped primary
     resonant substructures. Each primary resonant substructure includes two
     of the rods and the corresponding sections of the first and second rings
     interconnecting them."
"A magnetoresisive device comprises: an MR element having two surfaces
     that face toward opposite directions and two side portions that face
     toward opposite directions; two bias field applying layers that are
     located adjacent to the side portions of the MR element and apply a
     longitudinal bias magnetic field to the MR element; and two electrode
     layers that are located adjacent to one of the surfaces of each of the
     bias field applying layers and feed a sense current to the MR element.
     The electrode layers overlap the one of the surfaces of the MR element.
     The magnetoresistive device further comprises two nonconductive layers
     that are located between the one of the surfaces of the MR element and
     the two electrode layers and located in two regions that include ends of
     the MR element near the side portions thereof, the two regions being
     parts of the region in which the electrode layers face toward the one of
     the surfaces of the MR element."
"A method and apparatus (500) for simulating a magnetoresistive random
     access memory (MRAM) (102) uses non-linear functions to model both
     non-linear magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) effects and non-linear state
     switching effects. The method includes calculating a high threshold
     (T.sub.HI) and a low threshold (T.sub.LO) based on a function of the hard
     axis current (I.sub.H). The easy axis current (I.sub.E) is compared to
     the high threshold (T.sub.HI). If the easy axis current is greater than
     the high threshold, the MTJ resistance (R.sub.HI) is set to represent a
     stored high value. The easy axis current is compared to the low
     threshold. If the easy axis current is less than the low threshold, the
     MTJ resistance (R.sub.LO) is set to represent a stored low value. By
     using non-linear functions to model the MTJ effects and switching
     effects, the behavior of an MRAM (102) can be more accurately simulated."
"A giant magnetoresistive (GMR) element includes a first antiferromagnetic
     layer, a pinned magnetic layer having a magnetization direction pinned by
     the first antiferromagnetic layer, a nonmagnetic material layer, a free
     magnetic layer having a magnetization direction with a central portion
     changing with an external magnetic field, a nonmagnetic layer,
     ferromagnetic layers formed on both sides of the nonmagnetic layer, and
     second antiferromagnetic layers for aligning the magnetization direction
     of the ferromagnetic layers perpendicular to that of the pinned magnetic
     layer. The magnetization directions of the free magnetic and
     ferromagnetic layers are antiparallel to each other. At least the free
     magnetic layer, the nonmagnetic layers and the ferromagnetic layers have
     continuous surfaces .alpha. at both end surfaces in the track width
     direction. First electrode layers are provided in contact with the
     continuous surfaces .alpha., and second electrode layers are provided on
     the first electrode layers and the second antiferromagnetic layers."
"Magnetoresistive devices are formed on the insulating surface of a
     substrate made of silicon. The devices are connected in series through an
     insulating film using a wiring layer formed on the surface of the
     substrate. An insulating film for passivation is formed to cover the
     devices and the wiring layer. A magnetic shield layer of Ni--Fe alloy is
     formed on the passivation insulating film through an organic film for
     relieving thermal stress to cover one of the devices. After removal of
     the sensor chip containing the magnetoresistive devices and other
     components from the wafer, the chip is bonded to a lead frame through an
     Ag paste layer by heat treatment. Preferably, the magnetic shield layer
     is made of a Ni--Fe alloy having a Ni content of 69% or less."
"A magnetic recording transducer, useful in a magnetic data storage
     device, having a read element with improved magnetic stability and a
     narrow track width is described. An MR stripe according to the invention
     has a magnetic-stability inducing (MSI) shape selected from an
     essentially trapezoidal shape, an essentially hexagonal shape, an
     essentially race-track shape, and an essentially half race track shape.
     These MSI shapes are oriented in a plane perpendicular to the air-bearing
     surface (ABS). The MSI shapes are used to encourage the formation of a
     single magnetic domain state with magnetization direction parallel to the
     ABS in the absence of a magnetic bias. In one embodiment according to the
     invention the sensor structure is overlaid on the sides of the top
     surface with layers of electrically conductive material (overlaid leads)
     to define an approximately rectangular active region of the larger MSI
     shape. A sensor structure according to the invention with overlaid leads
     will have a narrower track width with improved magnetic stability than a
     sensor which has a comparable volume of magnetoresistive material in a
     rectangular MR stripe. In another embodiment of the invention the sensor
     structure has edge-butt leads that make contact at the outer edges of the
     sensor without substantially overlaying the top surface."
"A read/write head for a disk drive having a magnetoresistive (MR) read
     element and an inductive write element suitable for perpendicular
     recording of data onto a disk having a media layer in which the data is
     stored perpendicularly to the planar surface of the disk and a soft
     underlayer (SUL) underneath the media layer to provide a low reluctance
     return path for the magnetic recording field. The write element includes
     a vertically-oriented write pole and a downstream write shield that is
     magnetically connected to the write pole by a magnetic via. One or more
     pancake coils are employed to produce a magnetic field that is focused by
     the tip of the write pole which is relatively smaller than the remainder
     of the write pole. The design of the write shield, the write pole, the
     magnetic vias, and the conductive coils is such as to provide an optimal
     magnetic field gradient and an optimal write field strength."
"A magneto-resistance effect element of the present invention allows
     detection of a micro-bit signal with a high sensitivity. The
     magneto-resistance effect element is provided with a first magnetic
     substance layer, a spacer layer stacked on the first magnetic substance
     layer, a second magnetic substance layer stacked on the spacer, an
     insulating layer positioned adjacent to a stacked structure comprising
     the first magnetic substance layer, the spacer layer and the second
     magnetic substance layer, a gate electrode positioned adjacent to the
     insulating layer, and a magnetism sensitive region controlled by a
     voltage applied to the gate electrode."
"Disclosed is a magnetic sensor provided with a magnetoresistive effect
     element capable of stably maintaining a direction of magnetization in a
     magnetic domain of a free layer. The magnetic sensor includes a
     magnetoresistive effect element provided with narrow zonal portions
     including a pinned and a free layer. Disposed below both ends of the free
     layer are bias magnet films that apply a bias magnetic field to the free
     layer and an initializing coil 31 disposed near the free layer. Further,
     magnetizing the bias magnet films and fixing a direction of magnetization
     of the pinned layer are performed by a magnetic field formed by a magnet
     array configured such that permanent magnets are arranged on a lattice
     point of a tetragonal lattice wherein magnet pole polarity is different
     from adjacent magnet pole polarity spaced by the shortest route."
"An imaging technique is disclosed for multi-echo, magnetic resonance
     imaging that addresses amplitude modulations, such as those caused by T2
     decay and stimulated echo refocusing, in acquired MR data. Acquired MR
     data is corrected by non-phase encoded data such that amplitude
     modulations in the echo signal are addressed. Reducing the effects of
     amplitude modulations in the echo signal reduces ghosting and thereby
     improves image quality."
"A magnetic powder for magnetic recording is provided that has improved
     properties suitable for a magnetic recording medium used with a
     high-sensitivity read head utilizing an MR device. The magnetic powder is
     composed of iron-base acicular particles containing Co, Al, R (rare earth
     elements, including Y) and oxygen within the ranges of Co/Fe=10 50 at. %,
     dissolved Al/(Fe+Co)=5 50 at. %, R/(Fe+Co)=2 25 at. % and oxygen=not
     greater than 25 wt %; and the acicular particles have an average major
     axis length of 25 80 nm and a saturated magnetization .sigma.s of 10 130
     emu/g,"
"A magnetoresistance effect element comprises a magnetoresistance effect
     film including a magnetically pinned layer whose direction of
     magnetization is pinned substantially in one direction, a magnetically
     free layer whose direction of magnetization changes in response to an
     external magnetic field, and a nonmagnetic intermediate layer located
     between the pinned layer and the free layer; and a pair of electrodes
     electrically connected to said magnetoresistance effect film to supply a
     sense current perpendicularly to a film plane of said magnetoresistance
     effect film. The intermediate layer has a first layer including a first
     region whose resistance is relatively high and second regions whose
     resistance is relatively low. The sense current preferentially flows
     through the second regions when the current passes the first layer.
     Alternatively, the concentration of oxygen in the first layer may have a
     two-dimensional fluctuation, and a first region where the concentration
     of oxygen is equal to or higher than 40 atomic % and a second region
     where the concentration of oxygen is equal to or lower than 35 atomic %
     may be provided in the first layer."
"A magnetic resonance imaging apparatus generates an MR signal from an
     object to be examined by applying a gradient field pulse generated by a
     gradient field coil and a high-frequency magnetic field pulse generated
     by a high-frequency coil to the object in a static field generated by a
     static field magnet, and reconstructs an image on the basis of the MR
     signal. The gradient field coil is housed in a sealed vessel. Numerous
     techniques are disclosed to reduce adverse effects of vibrations caused
     by rapidly changing gradient coil currents. By judicious use of
     non-conducting connection components between gantry components at some
     joint portions requiring electrical contact and at some other portions
     not requiring electrical contact, the generation of adverse B waves,
     and/or induced electron flow in response to physical vibration between
     joint components can be reduced."
"Featured are methods for magnetic resonance imaging in which MR signals
     of selected tissues, fluid or body components in a target area are
     desired to be essentially eliminated, which method includes applying an
     initial RF inversion pulse to invert the magnetization of the selected
     tissues or to apply any other T1 preparation aimed at nulling one or more
     tissue species and successively applying one or more RF inversions pulses
     thereafter. More particularly, the successively applied RF inversion
     pulses are applied so as to essentially maintain the magnetization of the
     selected tissues at or about the zero-crossing point of the longitudinal
     magnetization. Such methods further include interleaving a plurality of
     excitation pulses for acquiring image data and the RF inversion pulses so
     that at least one of the plurality of excitation pulses follows in a time
     sequence the application of one of the applied RF inversion pulses such
     that the image data is acquired following an inversion pulse."
"One block SB serving as a fundamental unit constituting a data reading
     circuit is constituted by four memory cells MS1 to MS4 connected
     electrically in series, four FETs S1 to S4 connected in parallel with the
     memory cells MS1 to MS4 in one-to-one correspondence, and an FET S0
     connected to one of series connection ends of the memory cells MS1 to
     MS4. Each memory cell MS1-MS4 is formed out of a TMR element having two
     TMR element portions connected electrically in series. The two TMR
     element portions are connected in series to thereby form a series
     connection body. A sensing current flows in only through one end of the
     series connection body of the two TMR element portions, passes through
     the TMR element portions in turn, and then flows out only through the
     other end of the series connection body. Further, the TMR element 11 has
     two TMR element portions 11A and 11B. The TMR element portions 11A and
     11B are disposed in a direction parallel with their laminated surfaces
     with respect to each other. The TMR element portions 11A and 11B are
     electrically connected in series to thereby form a series connection
     body. A sensing current for detecting a change in magnetoresistance flows
     in only through one end of the series connection body of the two TMR
     element portions 11A and 11B, passes through the TMR element portions 11A
     and 11B in turn, and then flows out only through the other end of the
     series connection body. The sensing current flows through an effective
     area effective in changing the magnetoresistance in each TMR element
     portion 11A, 11B, and in a direction substantially perpendicular to the
     laminated surface."
"A soft magnetic layer is made of nickel iron alloy containing crystals of
     the face-centered cubic lattice and crystals of the body-centered cubic
     lattice. The face-centered cubic lattice serves to establish a soft
     magnetic property in the nickel iron alloy. The body-centered cubic
     lattice contributes to reduction in the electric resistance of the
     magnetoresistive film as well as to improvement of the magnetoresistive
     ratio of the magnetoresistive film. Even if the magnetoresistive film is
     further reduced in size, the magnetoresistive film can sufficiently be
     prevented from suffering from an increase in the temperature. Even if a
     sensing current of a larger current value is supplied to the
     magnetoresistive film, the magnetoresistive film is reliably prevented
     from deterioration in the characteristics as well as destruction."
"The inner side end faces of electrode layers are formed in a region under
     which bias layers are not formed, to be located behind a magnetoresistive
     film in the height direction. Therefore, a sensing current flowing from
     the electrode layers can be appropriately inhibited from shunting to the
     bias layers, thereby permitting the manufacture of a magnetic sensing
     element capable of complying with track narrowing and suppressing
     variations in the track width Tw."
"A magnetic head is provided. The magnetic head comprises a
     magnetoresistance film, a flux guide, and a flux-guide regulating film.
     The flux guide guides a signal magnetic field from a magnetic recording
     medium to the magnetoresistance film. The flux-guide regulating film
     aligns magnetic domains of the flux guide into a single magnetic domain."
"An implantable fluid valve for the adjustable limitation of the fluid
     pressure in the brain of a patient, has all valve component parts
     composed of non-magnetic material, thereby making the valve
     MR-compatible."
"A magnetoresistance effect device having a basic structure wherein a
     multi-layer film comprising a unit of magnetic layer/non-magnetic
     layer/magnetic layer/antiferromagnetic layer, or antiferromagnetic
     layer/magnetic layer/non-magnetic layer/magnetic layer is formed with a
     protective film on a surface of the magnetoresistance effect device
     employing one of a metal, oxide material, nitride material, a mixture of
     oxide and nitride material, a double-layer film of metal/oxide, a
     double-layer film of metal/nitride, or a double-layer film of
     metal/(mixture of oxide and nitride) of film thickness between 2 nm and 7
     nm."
"A lead overlay magnetoresistive sensor has leads with substantially
     vertical end walls to accentuate sense current near the ends of the
     leads. Insulating layers isolate the hard bias layers from the path of
     the sense current. A lead overlay magnetoresistive sensor does not
     exhibit significant trackwidth widening. A disk drive has a read element
     including a lead overlay magnetoresistive sensor with leads having
     substantially vertical end walls."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor having reduced operating temperature is
     disclosed. The MR sensor, which includes an MR stack having a
     magnetoresistive layer, is configured to operate in a
     current-perpendicular-to-plane (CPP) mode wherein a sense current flows
     substantially perpendicular to a longitudinal plane of the
     magnetoresistive layer. The MR sensor further includes a thermal sink
     layer positioned with respect to the MR stack to reduce an operating
     temperature of the magnetoresistive sensor. The thermal sink layer is
     made of a material having high thermal conductivity, and is preferably
     separated from the MR stack by a metallic cap or seed layer."
"A magnetoresistive layer system including a layer sequence including at
     least two magnetic layers, a non-magnetic, electrically conductive
     intermediate layer being arranged between them; the electrical resistance
     of the layer system being changeable as a function of an external
     magnetic field acting on the layer system. At least one magnetically hard
     layer is integrated in the layer system, at least in certain areas,
     applying a magnetic field at least in the area of a boundary surface
     between the magnetic layers and the intermediate layer. The
     magnetoresistive layer system is suitable in particular for use in a GMR
     sensor element including coupled multilayers or in an AMR sensor element
     having a barberpole structure. In addition, the system includes a
     gradiometer including a plurality of such layer systems."
"A magnetoresistive sensor having an MR stack biased by high anisotropy
     hard bias elements thereby reducing distortion in sensor operation and
     improving head to head operational values. The high anisotropy hard bias
     elements are formed from a hard magnetic material deposited in a thin
     film having a substantially axial preferred direction of magnetic
     anisotropy prior to application of a setting field. The magnetic
     anisotropy in the hard magnetic material is formed by oblique deposition
     in a direction approximately normal to the preferred direction of
     anisotropy in the resulting hard bias element."
"A spin-valve magnetoresistive read element has a thin conductive lead
     layer of high sheet conductivity, high hardness, high melting point, high
     corrosion resistance and lacking the propensity for smearing, oozing,
     electromigration and nodule formation. Said lead layer is formed upon the
     hard magnetic longitudinal bias layer of an abutted junction spin-valve
     type magnetoresistive read head and said read head is therefore suitable
     for reading high density recorded disks at high RPM."
"A magnetoresistive includes a magnetoresistive layer which converts
     magnetic signals to electric signals and a pair of electrodes for
     allowing an electrically sensing current to flow across the
     magnetoresistive layer is made between an upper shield and an under
     shield with upper gap layer and under gap layer intervening between the
     magnetoresistive layer and the shields. By using a multi-layered varistor
     film or films of a material such as ZnO, SiC, SrTiO, Si etc. in
     combination with an insulating material SiO2, A1203, etc. to connect the
     magnetoresistive element to the shields and interconnect both electrodes,
     a magnetoresistive head which withstands breakdown even if the insulating
     gap layers are made thinner is provided."
"A position transmitter includes at least one magnetoresistive sensor and
     an associated magnetic multipole wheel having a large number of uniformly
     arranged pole pairs (2). The at least one sensor comprises first, second
     third, and fourth magnetoresistive resistors that are electrically
     connected as a Wheatstone bridge with four half bridges, with a voltage
     UO being fed in one bridge diagonal and a sinusoidal or cosinusoidal
     signal being produced on the other diagonal. A distance (d) between the
     first and second or third and fourth resistors located paral el to one
     another is selected with reference to a scanning direction of the
     multipole wheel, such that it is not equal the wavelength of a pole pair.
     A distance between the first and second resistors and between the third
     and fourth resistors is the same."
"The method and apparatus for detecting maximum and minimum values, and
     the torque detecting apparatus and steering apparatus comprising the
     maximum and minimum values detecting apparatus can detect maximum and
     minimum values of detection signals without setting a particular value
     such as a threshold. A signal processing unit provided at the maximum and
     minimum values detecting apparatus detects a crossing of two detection
     signals outputted from two MR sensors, and detects maximum and minimum
     values of the signals based on maximum and minimum values of the signals
     detected within a time interval defined by the time when a crossing is
     detected."
"A magnetic sensor including a tunneling magnetoresistive stack with a
     synthetic antiferromagnet (SAF) free layer."
"Provided is a magnetic reproducing apparatus capable of controlling a
     magnetic domain of a free layer, and obtaining a sufficient reproduction
     output even if the size of an MR device is reduced. The MR device is
     formed so as to have a laminate structure in which a semi-hard magnetic
     layer and a first ferromagnetic layer (free layer) are exchange-coupled
     to each other through a non-magnetic exchange coupling layer. Unlike an
     abutted junction structure using a hard magnetic layer, the distribution
     of a magnetic bias applied from the semi-hard magnetic layer to the first
     ferromagnetic layer becomes uniform, thereby the first ferromagnetic
     layer is brought into a single magnetic domain state. Moreover, the
     semi-hard magnetic layer has a moderate coercive force lying halfway
     between soft magnetism and hard magnetism, so the magnetization direction
     of the first ferromagnetic layer is not fixed. Therefore, the
     magnetization direction of the first ferromagnetic layer can be easily
     rotated, thereby a magnetoresistive ratio can be secured, so even if the
     size of the MR device is reduced, a sufficient reproduction output can be
     obtained."
"A magneto-resistive device is improved in characteristics by removing a
     surface oxide film to reduce the resistance and reducing an ion beam
     damage. The magneto-resistive device has a magneto-resistive layer which
     comprises a tunnel barrier layer, an underlying pinned layer, and an
     overlying free layer. A non-magnetic layer is formed on the free layer
     for protection. A composite-layer film comprised of an insulating layer
     and a damage reducing layer is formed in contact with an effective region
     which is effectively involved in detection of magnetism in the
     magneto-resistive layer without overlapping with the effective region.
     The damage reducing layer is made of a material which includes at least
     one element, the atomic weight of which is larger than that of silicon.
     The insulating layer and damage reducing layer do not constitute a
     magnetic domain control layer for applying a biasing magnetic field to
     the free layer."
"A magnetic recording system includes an in-plane magnetic recording
     medium having a magnetic layer fabricated on a single underlayer or on a
     plurality of underlayers respectively fabricated on a substrate; a driver
     unit for driving the in-plane magnetic recording medium in a write
     direction; a magnetic head having a read unit and a write unit; a unit
     for moving the magnetic head relative to the in-plane magnetic recording
     medium; and a read/write signal processing unit for reading an output
     signal from the magnetic head and writing an input signal to the magnetic
     recording media, wherein the read unit of the magnetic head is a
     magnetoresistive head and the single underlayer or at least one of the
     plurality of underlayers is made of Co-containing amorphous material or
     fine crystal material, or is made of alloy material, the alloy material
     having as the main components at least one element selected from a group
     consisting of Cr, Mo, V and Ta and containing at least one element
     selected from a group consisting of B, C, P and Bi. The magnetic
     recording system can be realized which can read and write high density
     information and have high reliability."
"Noninvasive, MR-compatible methods and systems optically detect
     mechanical cardiac activity by anatomic (e.g., esophageal) movements.
     Most preferably, esophageal motion is detected optically and is
     indicative rhythmic cardiac activities. This esophageal motion may then
     be detected and used to provide a signal indicative of periods of cardiac
     activity and inactivity. The signal may be further processed so as to
     generate a trigger signal that may be input to a MR scanner. In such a
     manner, MR microscopy may be accomplished to acquire information at a
     specific phase of the cardiac cycle, for example, in synchrony with
     periods of cardiac inactivity. Moreover, since mechanical cardiac
     activity is detected and employed, instead of electrical activity as is
     employed in conventional techniques, the present invention is immune to
     electromagnetic interference during MR microscopy. As a result, robust
     cardiac signals may be monitored and gated during 2-dimensional and
     3-dimensional in vivo microscopy. The present invention is therefore
     especially well suited for MR microscopy of small animals, such as
     laboratory mice and rats."
"Artifacts in MR images caused by signals emanating from outside the
     design spherical volume (DSV) of the system are suppressed using
     customized spatial saturation pulse sequences interleaved with imaging
     pulse sequences. The spatial saturation pulse sequences are each
     customized to a specific region and are stored in a library for selective
     use when needed to suppress artifact producing signals emanating from
     specific regions outside the DSV."
"A word current source (445) for a magnetoresistive random access memory
     circuit (420) includes an n-channel transistor (430) including a gate, a
     source and a drain, where the source is coupled to a supply ground, and
     the drain is coupled to the magnetoresistive random access memory
     circuit. A positive supply voltage is coupled to the magnetoresistive
     random access memory circuit (420) so as to allow current to flow through
     the magnetoresistive random access memory circuit (420) when an
     activation signal is applied to the gate by the control circuit."
"The magnetoresistance effect element is of a multilayered structure
     having at least magnetic layers and an intermediate layer of an
     insulating material, a semiconductor or an antiferromagnetic material
     against the magnetic layers, and the magnetoresistance effect element has
     terminals formed at least on the opposite magnetic layers, respectively,
     so that a current flows in the intermediate layer. The film surfaces of
     all the magnetic layers constituting the magnetoresistance effect element
     are opposed substantially at right angles to the recording surface of a
     magnetic recording medium. Therefore, the area of the magnetic layers
     facing the recording surface of the magnetic recording medium can be
     extremely reduced, and thus the magnetic field from a very narrow region
     of the high-density recorded magnetic recording medium can be detected by
     the current which has a tunneling characteristic and passes through the
     intermediate layer."
"A coupled ferromagnetic structure includes a first ferromagnetic layer, a
     spacer layer on a first surface of the first ferromagnetic layer, and a
     second ferromagnetic layer on the spacer layer. Interlayer exchange
     coupling occurs between the first and second ferromagnetic layers. The
     coupling may be ferromagnetic or antiferromagnetic. Morphology of the
     first surface is modified to tailor the interlayer exchange coupling. The
     structure may form a part of a magnetoresistive device such as a magnetic
     tunnel junction."
"A spin valve element includes an antiferromagnetic layer, a pinned
     magnetic layer formed in contact with the antiferromagnetic layer so that
     the magnetization direction thereof is pinned by an exchange coupling
     magnetic field with the antiferromagnetic layer, a nonmagnetic conductive
     layer in contact with the pinned magnetic layer, and a free magnetic
     layer in contact with the nonmagnetic conductive layer. The free magnetic
     layer includes a nonmagnetic intermediate layer, and first and second
     free magnetic layers with the nonmagnetic intermediate layer provided
     therebetween, the second free magnetic layer is formed in contact with
     the nonmagnetic conductive layer, the first and second free magnetic
     layers are antiferromagnetically coupled with each other to bring both
     layers into a ferrimagnetic state, and either of the first and second
     free magnetic layers comprises a ferromagnetic insulating film. It is
     thus possible to increase the sensitivity to an external magnetic field,
     and suppress the occurrence of a shunt loss to increase the rate of
     change in magnetoresistance."
"To accurately decrease the gap depth between an upper pole layer and a
     lower pole layer and the front-end portion width of the upper pole layer.
     A thin-film magnetic head of the present invention is constituted by
     forming a lower shielding layer, a read gap layer holding an MR
     magnetosensitive element, a common pole layer, and a write gap layer in
     order on an insulating substrate, forming a first flattening layer, a
     coil pattern layer, and a second flattening layer laminated in order on
     the write gap layer excluding the vicinity of an ABS plane, and forming
     an upper pole layer on the write gap layer and the second flattening
     layer nearby an ABS plane. Moreover, a concave portion is formed on the
     common pole layer at a position separated from the ABS plane, the concave
     portion is filled with a nonmagnetic body, and the gap depth between the
     upper pole layer and the common pole layer is determined by the concave
     portion."
"A method, apparatus and program storage device for sensing increased
     resistance changes in an MR element to detect MR sensor events. The
     initial MR resistance for each slider is recorded during the drive build.
     The MR resistance is periodically monitored at later stages of the drive
     build and during normal operation. The later MR sensor resistance
     measurements are compared to the baseline measurement taken during the
     drive build to determine if an MR sensor event occurs, such as contact
     being made between the MR sensor and the recording medium or an MR sensor
     being positioned ON or OFF the ramp."
"A bias-adjusted giant magnetoresistive (GMR) device includes a
     ferromagnetic reference layer, which has a magnetization that remains
     relatively fixed when a range of magnetic fields is applied, and a
     ferromagnetic switching layer, which has a magnetization that can be
     changed by applying a relatively small magnetic field. In MRAM
     applications, the switching layer stores data in the form of the
     particular orientation of its magnetization relative to the magnetization
     of the reference layer. At least one of the reference and switching
     layers is split into at least two ferromagnetic layers separated by one
     or more layers of a nonmagnetic conductor, such that the hysteresis curve
     of resistance versus applied magnetic field is substantially symmetric
     about zero applied magnetic field."
"A single-element magnetoresistive (MR) read head with reduced
     susceptibility to noise is disclosed. In particular, the present
     invention addresses the problem of noise generated thermally through
     contact with the recording medium. The present invention solves this
     problem by keeping the temperature of the read head at a level that
     minimizes the noise level. According to a preferred embodiment of the
     present invention, the shielding material used in the read head is
     recessed with respect to the magnetic-medium-bearing surface. In an
     alternative embodiment of the present invention, a thin coating of metal
     on the read head surface is applied. In yet another embodiment, the read
     element is operated with a low bias current so as to minimize the thermal
     effect of power consumption due to electrical resistance. In still
     another embodiment, the read element makes use of insulating material
     that is both an electrical insulator and a high quality thermal
     insulator."
"In a magnetic storage apparatus having a magnetic recording medium, a
     drive unit for driving this medium in a prespecified recording direction,
     a magnetic head assembly including a recorder section and reproduction
     section, means for causing the magnetic head to move relatively with
     respect to the magnetic record medium, and a record/playback signal
     processor means for performing signal inputting to the magnetic head and
     for effecting reproduction of an output signal from the magnetic head,
     the reproduction section of said magnetic head is composed of a magnetic
     head of the magnetoresistance effect type, while said magnetic record
     medium is structured including a substrate and a magnetic layer formed
     thereover with one or several underlayers being sandwiched therebetween,
     wherein at least one of the underlayers is a specific layer that is made
     of amorphous or microcrystalline materials containing therein Ni as the
     principal or main component thereof and further containing at least one
     kind of element as selected from the group consisting of Nb and Ta."
"Method and device for magnetic detection of binding of biological
     molecules on a biochip in which a magnetoresistive sensor device measures
     an areal density of magnetic nanoparticles on a micro-array, the magnetic
     nanoparticles being directly or indirectly coupled to a target sample.
     The magnetoresistive sensor device includes a substrate having attached
     thereto binding sites able to selectively bind the target sample, and a
     magnetoresistive sensor for detecting the magnetic field of the
     nanoparticles coupled to the target sample. The magnetoresistive sensor
     includes a plurality of magnetoresistive sensing elements, the width and
     length dimensions of which are at least a factor 10 or more, preferably a
     factor 100 or more larger than the diameter of the nanoparticles."
"A spin valve magnetoresistance sensor of a thin film magnetic head. In
     one embodiment, a spin valve magnetoresistance sensor is provided with a
     spin valve film, in which a base layer including a first base film of Ta
     or some other nonmagnetic metal and, on top of this, a second base film
     of an alloy represented by NiFeX (where X is at least one element
     selected from among Cr, Nb, Rh) is formed on a substrate, and on top of
     this are formed by layering a free magnetic layer and pinned magnetic
     layer arranged to enclose a nonmagnetic conductive layer, as well as an
     antiferromagnetic layer, the second base film has an fcc (face-centered
     cubic) structure and also has a (111) orientation."
"A first magnetic shielding film is disposed on one surface of a
     magnetoresistive effective film in a thickness direction thereof, and a
     second magnetic shielding film is disposed on the other surface of the
     magnetoresistive effective film in said thickness direction thereof. The
     antiferromagnetic films are disposed in between the first magnetic
     shielding film and the second magnetic shielding film, adjacent to and
     bonded through exchange interaction with at least one of the first
     magnetic shielding film and the second magnetic shielding film."
"A method for determining whether a data storage device read/write head is
     a low-flying read/write head or a non low-flying read/write head. A disc
     attached to a spindle motor is accelerated to an operating rotational
     velocity, the head is positioned over a portion of the disc
     non-accessible to customer data and a data pattern of selected frequency
     is written. A magnetoresistive element of the is biased and the data
     pattern is read while the disc is decelerated to a predetermined
     rotational velocity threshold. Occurrence of a read signal landing
     signature comprising readback signal amplitude modulation prior to
     reaching the predetermined rotational velocity threshold identifies the
     head as a low-flying head. Contrawise, non-occurrence of the read signal
     landing signature prior to reaching the predetermined rotational velocity
     threshold signifies the head as a non low-flying head."
"An integrated signal isolator is provided to isolate first and second
     circuits. First, second, third, and fourth magnetoresistors of the
     isolator are coupled together so as to form a Wheatstone bridge. The
     first second, third, and fourth magnetoresistors are arranged so that the
     Wheatstone bridge is immune to uniform external magnetic fields having
     any direction. An input strap generates magnetic fields across the first,
     second, third and fourth magnetoresistors in response to a signal from
     the first circuit so that the Wheatstone bridge provides an output to the
     second circuit that is commensurate with the signal from the first
     circuit."
"The acquisition of MR images while utilizing sub-sampling of the RF
     signals generated in the patient 21 to be examined is known. Such
     sub-sampling methods require at least two RF receiving coils which should
     not have a substantial component of their sensitivity vectors in common.
     According to the invention at least two coils 22a, 22b are used, a first
     one (22a) having its sensitivity vector extending substantially
     transversely of its physical coil plane whereas a second one (22b) has
     its sensitivity vector extending substantially parallel to its physical
     coil plane. The coils can thus be placed close to the surface of the
     patient without interfering with each other. They can be arranged in such
     a manner that their planes are oriented parallel to the main magnetic
     field Bo. Moreover, the coils can be arranged so as to overlap
     substantially, so that they provide the same field of view."
"A system and method of reducing noise due to thermally activated spin
     waves in a magnetoresistive (MR) element is disclosed. The MR element
     includes a free layer, a reference layer, and a spacer layer, the spacer
     layer being positioned between the free layer and the reference layer. To
     reduce noise, a magnetization of the reference layer is pinned in a fixed
     direction. A spin polarized current perpendicular to a plane of the free
     layer, reference layer, and spacer layer is subsequently produced such
     that the current exerts a spin momentum transfer torque on localized
     electron spins to reduce noise due to thermally activated spin waves. The
     spin momentum transfer torque opposes the intrinsic damping of the free
     layer, thereby reducing noise in the MR element."
"A magnetoresistive magnetic data storage product and a method for
     fabrication thereof both employ a magnetic data storage device formed
     over a substrate. The magnetic data storage device comprises a free
     magnetoresistive material layer separated from a pinned magnetoresistive
     material layer by a dielectric spacer material layer, each having a
     sidewall. The magnetic data storage product also comprises a sidewall
     spacer material layer formed annularly surrounding and covering the
     sidewall of at least one of the free magnetoresistive material layer and
     the pinned magnetoresistive material layer. The magnetic data storage
     product is fabricated with enhanced magnetic data storage density."
"There is provided a magnetic memory device which has a small switching
     current for a writing line and which has a small variation therein. A
     method for producing such a magnetic memory device includes: forming a
     magnetoresistive effect element; forming a first insulating film so as to
     cover the magnetoresistive effect element; forming a coating film so as
     to cover the first insulating film; exposing a top face of the
     magnetoresistive effect element; forming an upper writing line on the
     magnetoresistive effect element; exposing the first insulating film on a
     side portion of the magnetoresistive effect element by removing a part or
     all of the coating film; and forming a yoke structural member so as to
     cover at least a side portion of the upper writing line and so as to
     contact the exposed first insulating film on the side portion of the
     magnetoresistive effect element."
"A magnetic recording medium having on a nonmagnetic support at least one
     magnetic layer that contains a ferromagnetic metal powder and a binder
     and has surface roughness of 3 nm or below, with that the ferromagnetic
     metal powder has an average major-axis length of 30 to 100 nm and
     saturation magnetization .sigma.s of 70 to 100 Am.sup.2/kg and the
     magnetic layer further contains SiO.sub.2 grains having an average size
     of 5 to 30 nm, which shows excellent electromagnetic conversion
     characteristics, ensures reduction in MR head abrasion and has enhanced
     scratch resistance."
"A method of fabricating a current-perpendicular-to-plane (CPP) giant
     magnetoresistive (GMR) sensor stack, wherein the parasitic resistance of
     the high-resistance antiferromagnetic (AFM) pinning layer is effectively
     reduced by enlarging its surface area and forming between it and the
     remainder of the sensor stack an equal area, contiguous, thin, highly
     conductive ferromagnetic layer, the current channeling (CCL) layer. The
     magnetic properties and increased current carrying capacity of the CCL
     allows the AFM pinning layer to effectively couple to the pinned layer
     while eliminating the effect of its high resistance on the sensor
     sensitivity as measured by the GMR ratio, .DELTA.R/R."
"The magnetic memory includes a plurality of memory cells, each memory
     cell including: at least one writing wire; at least one data storage
     portion, provided on at least one portion of an outer periphery of the
     writing wire, which comprises a ferromagnetic material whose
     magnetization direction can be inverted by causing a current to flow in
     the writing wire; and at least one magneto-resistance effect element,
     disposed in the vicinity of the data storage portion, which senses the
     magnetization direction of the data storage portion."
"An apparatus having improved hard bias properties of layers of a
     magnetoresistance sensor is disclosed. Properties of the hard bias layer
     are improved using a seedlayer structure that includes at least a layer
     of silicon and a layer comprising chromium or chromium molybdenum.
     Further, benefits are achieved when the seedlayer structure includes a
     layer of tantalum."
"A method and apparatus for providing precise control of magnetic coupling
     field in NiMn top spin valve heads and amplitude enhancement is
     disclosed. The magnetic coupling between free and pinned layers in NiMn
     top spin valve heads is precisely controlled by employing the surface
     oxidation of Cu seed layer or/and Cu spacer layer that improve both the
     interfacial quality and the crystalline texture. According to the present
     invention the magnitude of coupling field can be precisely controlled
     without affecting resistance, and the amplitude of giant
     magneto-resistive(GMR) heads is improved by 15% at the same coupling
     field without affecting asymmetry performance. Thus, the present
     invention improves not only the interfacial roughness, but also improves
     the magnetic layer texture. The oxidation of Cu seed layer in the NiMn
     top spin valve structure provides more robust process with good control
     in coupling field that affects asymmetry of a GMR head."
"A dual spin valve giant magnetoresistance (GMR) sensor having two spin
     valves with the second spin valve being self-biased is disclosed herein.
     According to the present invention a dual spin valve system is disclosed
     wherein the first of the two spin valves in the dual spin valve element
     is pinned through exchange coupling, i.e., a first anti-ferromagnetic
     pinning layer and a first ferromagnetic pinned layer structure are
     exchange coupled for pinning the first magnetic moment of the first
     ferromagnetic pinned layer structure in a first direction. The second of
     the two spin valves in the dual spin valve system is self-pinned. The
     self-pinned spin valve does not use any anti-ferromagnetic layers to pin
     the magnetization of the pinned layers."
"The invention relates to a method for the contactless detection of the
     position of a butterfly-valve shaft of a butterfly valve connecting
     piece, the butterfly-valve shaft being driven by an electric actuator and
     having a magnet at one end, which is aligned in a contactless manner with
     a sensor that is located on a cover. An aim of the invention is to
     reliably guarantee the detection of the position of the butterfly-valve
     shaft, even over particularly long periods of time using a contactless
     position detection device. To achieve this, the sensor has a first and a
     second magnetoresistive sensor element, an approximately sinusoidal
     signal being generated in the first sensor element and an approximately
     cosinusodial signal being generated in the second sensor element by means
     of the magnet, during the rotation of the butterfly-valve shaft.
     According to the method, an approximately arc tangential signal is
     generated in the butterfly-valve connecting signal. The control signal is
     fed to the actuator that is located in the butterfly-valve connecting
     piece, to adjust the position of the butterfly-valve shaft."
"A magnetoresistive sensor for use in a data storage device has a recessed
     sensing element (magnetic tunnel junction, CPP spin valve, etc.) with an
     exchange biased sensing ferromagnetic (free) layer, and a flux guide that
     magnetically connects the sensing element to a sensing surface of the
     sensor. The free layer is selectively exchange biased by a layer of
     exchange bias material placed under non-active regions of the free layer
     that lie outside the sensing element and flux guide track widths. The
     flux guide is provided by extending the free layer from a forward edge of
     the sensing element to the sensor surface. Advantageously, the sensing
     element and the flux guide have equal track width so that magnetic flux
     directed from the flux guide into the sensing element is not diluted with
     consequent loss of sensitivity."
"A magnetization reversal method is a method of applying an external
     magnetic field to a magnetoresistive film, in which the magnetoresistive
     film has a structure wherein a nonmagnetic film is placed between
     magnetic films with an easy axis of magnetization along a perpendicular
     direction to a film plane and in which the external magnetic field is
     comprised of magnetic fields from a plurality of directions including a
     direction of easy magnetization of the magnetic films."
"The present invention provides a tunneling magneto-resistive read sensor
     structure that improves sensitivity and linear density of the sensor
     structure. The sensor includes first and second electrodes and a stack
     positioned between the electrodes. The stack includes first and second
     free layers with magnetization orientations that are biased relative to
     each other. A tunneling barrier (insulating layer) or non-magnetic metal
     spacer is positioned between the first and second free layers. A sense
     current is passed between the first and second free layers of the stack.
     The amount of current passing through the first and second free layer
     changes based upon the orientation of the first and second free layers
     relative to each other."
"A transducing head includes a first bias element, a second bias element,
     and a magnetoresistive sensor positioned between the first bias element
     and the second bias element. The first bias element and the second bias
     element are each formed of a permanent magnet material having a remanent
     magnetic moment in a range of about 200 to about 800 emu/cm.sup.3. In a
     preferred embodiment, the permanent magnet material is an alloy
     comprising iron, platinum, and at least one material selected from
     copper, silver, magnesium, lead, zinc, bismuth, and antimony."
"A giant magneto-resistive effect element includes a lamination layer
     structure portion (10) in which at least a free layer (4) the
     magnetization of which is rotated in response to an external magnetic
     field, a fixed layer (2), an antiferromagnetic layer (1) for fixing the
     magnetization of the fixed layer (2) and a nonmagnetic layer (3)
     interposed between the free layer (4) and the fixed layer (2) are
     laminated with each other. A sense current flows to substantially a
     lamination layer direction of the lamination layer structure portion (10)
     and the lamination layer structure portion (10) has disposed thereon a
     high-resistance layer (R) which crosses a path of the sense current,
     whereby an element resistance can be increased and a magneto-resistance
     change amount can be increased. Thus, a magneto-resistive effect element,
     a magneto-resistive effect type magnetic sensor, a magneto-resistive
     effect type magnetic head and a magnetic memory become able to increase a
     magneto-resistive change amount."
"An MR thin-film magnetic head includes a lower shield layer, a lower gap
     layer made of a nonmagnetic electrically conductive material and
     laminated on the lower shield layer, an MR multilayer in which a current
     flows in a direction perpendicular to surfaces of layers of the
     magnetoresistive effect multilayer, the MR multilayer being laminated on
     the lower gap layer, an upper gap layer made of a nonmagnetic
     electrically conductive material and laminated on the MR multilayer, an
     insulation gap layer made of an insulation material and formed at least
     between the lower shield layer and the upper gap layer, an upper shield
     layer laminated on the upper gap layer and the insulation gap layer, and
     an additional insulation layer formed so that a distance between the
     lower shield layer and the upper gap layer increases at a location where
     the MR multilayer is absent."
"Two sensor units are formed from magnetoresistive material. Elements of
     the first sensor unit have a total anisotropy field in a first direction.
     Elements of the second sensor unit have a total anisotropy field in a
     second direction. An integral coil sets a direction of magnetization in
     the elements of the first and second sensor units. An output of the first
     sensor unit is representative of magnetic field components perpendicular
     to the first direction and an output of the second sensor is
     representative of magnetic field components perpendicular to the second
     direction."
"A magnetoresistive effect element may be given satisfactory magnetic
     characteristics because a deterioration of a magnetoresistive changing
     rate by annealing can be suppressed and a magnetic memory device includes
     this magnetoresistive effect element to provide excellent write
     characteristics. A magnetoresistive effect element has a pair of
     ferromagnetic layers (magnetization fixed layer 5 and magnetization free
     layer 7) opposed to each other through an intermediate layer 6 to cause
     an electric current to flow in the direction perpendicular to the layer
     surface to obtain a magnetoresistive change. A magnetic memory device
     comprises the magnetoresistive effect element 1 in which at least one of
     the pair of ferromagnetic layers 5, 7 contains an amorphous ferromagnetic
     material whose crystallization temperature is higher than 623 K and bit
     lines and word lines sandwiching this magnetoresistive effect element and
     the magnetoresistive effect element in the thickness direction."
"A method of adjusting or locally modifying the direction of magnetization
     of a ferromagnetic layer in a magnetoresistive layer system using a heat
     stamp is described, the ferromagnetic layer being stabilized over an
     antiferromagnetic layer. The antiferromagnetic layer is heated, using a
     heat stamp, over a threshold temperature, above which the influence of
     this layer on the direction of magnetization of the adjacent
     ferromagnetic layer disappears; subsequently, the ferromagnetic layer is
     exposed to an external magnetic field of a predefined direction, and
     finally the antiferromagnetic layer is cooled again below the threshold
     temperature. In addition, a heat stamp having a base body and a heatable
     stamp structure connected to the base body and matching the dimensions of
     or similar to the magnetoresistive layer system is described. The heat
     stamp and the method described are suitable in particular for
     manufacturing a magnetoresistive layer system operating by the spin valve
     principle, which has a plurality of magnetoresistive layer systems having
     at least partially different resulting directions of magnetization in the
     particular layers, the magnetoresistive layer systems being
     interconnected in the form of a Wheatstone bridge in particular."
"A biosensor and a sensing cell array using a biosensor are disclosed.
     Adjacent materials containing a plurality of different ingredients are
     analyzed to determine the ingredients based on their magnetic
     susceptibility or dielectric constant. A sensing cell array includes such
     as a magnetization pair detection sensor including a MTJ (Magnetic Tunnel
     Junction) or GMR (Giant Magnetoresistive) device, a magnetoresistive
     sensor including a MTJ device and a magnetic material (current line), a
     dielectric constant sensor including a sensing capacitor and a switching
     device, a magnetization hole detection sensor including a MTJ or GMR
     device, a current line, a free ferromagnetic layer and a switching
     device, and a giant magnetoresistive sensor including a GMR device, a
     switching device and a magnetic material (or forcing wordline).
     Ingredients of adjacent materials are separated based on electrical
     characteristics of ingredients by sensing magnetic susceptibility and
     dielectric constant depending on the sizes of the ingredients."
"A magnetoresistive head comprises a free magnetic layer that has first
     and second free magnetic films sandwiching a non-magnetic intermediate
     film therebetween, the respective magnetizing directions of the first and
     the second free magnetic films are antiparallel. The length of the free
     magnetic layer in the direction of the track width is 200 nm or less, and
     a difference between a product of saturation magnetic flux density and a
     film thickness of the first free magnetic film, and that of the second
     free magnetic film is within a range from 1 to 3 nmT. By this structure,
     the variation of output and the variation of asymmetry is greatly
     decreased at a track width of 200 nm or less."
"A high output, magnetoresistive head with a CPP structure is disclosed
     which reduces or prevents deformation near the air bearing surface of the
     read element portion layer at the time of air bearing surface processing.
     In the CPP structure magnetoresistive head, the deformation near the air
     bearing surface as a result of mechanical polishing during the air
     bearing surface processing can be reduced by forming deformation
     prevention layers having a higher shear modulus than a first
     ferromagnetic layer, and a second ferromagnetic layer between a
     magnetoresistive film and at least one of a lower shield layer and an
     upper shield layer."
"In order to create a circuit configuration for a gradiometric current
     sensor with a bridge circuit in the form of a Wheatstone bridge for
     measuring gradients of the magnetic field strength of a current-carrying
     conductor, with four magnetoresistive resistors, two of which resistors
     form a sub-bridge in each case, while the sub-bridges are arranged
     symmetrically in relation to sub-conductors of the current-carrying
     conductor, and with a compensating circuit associated with the bridge
     circuit, which compensating circuit comprises compensating conductors
     associated with the magnetoresistive resistors, to which compensating
     conductors a compensating current can be applied, by means of which
     circuit configuration mounting tolerances can be compensated in a simple
     manner, it is provided that the sub-bridges (22, 24) can each have a
     separate compensating current (I.sub.comp1, I.sub.comp2) applied to them."
"A high field contrast magnetic stamper/imprinter for use in patterning of
     magnetic and magneto-optical (MO) recording media by contact printing,
     comprises:   (a) a layer of a magnetic material having a high saturation
     magnetization B.sub.sat.gtoreq..about.1.2 and high permeability
     .mu..gtoreq..about.5, including a first, topographically patterned
     surface and a second surface opposite the first surface, the first,
     topographically patterned surface comprising a patterned plurality of
     spaced-apart recesses with a plurality of non-recessed areas
     therebetween, the topographical pattern corresponding to a magnetic
     pattern to be formed in a magnetic or MO recording medium; and (b) a
     layer of Ni on the second surface. A corrosion-resistant protective
     overcoat layer may be present on the topographically patterned surface. A
     method for manufacturing the stamper/imprinter is also disclosed."
"An improved technique is described for acquiring MR image data such as
     needed for FSE-based Dixon imaging techniques. A gradient-induced echo
     shift is produced in the pulse sequences by a small gradient applied
     along the readout axis prior to a readout pulse. When necessary, another
     small pulse is applied along the readout axis, equal in area and opposite
     in polarity to the first, to compensate for the shifting effect. Similar
     pulses are applied for each acquisition window. While data with non-zero
     phase shifts between water and fat signals are collected as fractional
     echoes, no increase in echo spacing is necessary with the modified
     acquisition strategy. Images corresponding to different phase shifts are
     reconstructed using phase-sensitive partial Fourier reconstruction
     algorithms whenever necessary. These images are then used to separate
     different chemical species (such as water and fat) in the object to be
     imaged. Increased time efficiency is therefore achieved with the improved
     technique, with a significant reduction in degradation due to losses in
     slice coverage and increased image blurring and sensitivity to flow and
     motion due to T2-modulation along the echo train in conventional
     techniques."
"A magneto-resistive effect element body 11 and a hard magnetic layer 12
     for applying a bias magnetic field are disposed between opposing first
     and second magnetic shields 21 and 22, each made of a soft magnetic
     material. This magneto-resistive effect element body 11 is comprised of a
     lamination layer structure portion in which there are laminated at least
     a free layer the magnetization of which is rotated in response to an
     external magnetic field, a fixed layer, an antiferromagnetic layer for
     fixing the magnetization of the fixed layer and a spacer layer interposed
     between the free layer and the fixed layer. Then, the magneto-resistive
     effect element has a CPP type configuration in which a sense current
     flows to the magneto-resistive effect element body in the direction
     intersecting the film plane of the lamination layer film. Further, a
     detection magnetic field is introduced in the direction extending along
     the film plane direction of the lamination layer film and a bias magnetic
     field is applied in substantially the direction intersecting the
     direction in which the above-mentioned detection magnetic field is
     introduced and in the direction extending along the film plane. In this
     configuration, under the condition that the detection magnetic field is
     not applied to the magneto-resistive effect element, magnetic fields
     substantially applied to the front end and the rear end of the side in
     which the detection magnetic field is introduced, to be concrete,
     magnetic fields determined mainly by an induced magnetic field HI induced
     by the above-mentioned sense current and a bias magnetic field HB are set
     to the same directions, particularly, in the free layer, whereby a single
     magnetic domain is nucleated in the free layer with high stability."
"A magnetoresisive device comprises an MR element, bias field applying
     layers located adjacent to the side portions of the MR element, and two
     electrode layers that feed a sense current to the MR element. The
     electrode layers overlap one of the surfaces of the MR element. The total
     overlap amount of the two electrode layers is smaller than 0.3 .mu.m. The
     MR element is a spin-valve GMR element. The MR element incorporates a
     base layer, a free layer, a spacer layer, a pinned layer, an
     antiferromagnetic layer, and a cap layer that are stacked in this order.
     The pinned layer includes a nonmagnetic spacer layer, and two
     ferromagnetic layers that sandwich this spacer layer."
"The magnetoresistive sensor has a bottom shield, a nonmagnetic metallic
     pedestal, a bottom reader gap, a biasing element, a magnetoresistive
     stack, current leads, a top reader gap, and a top shield. The nonmagnetic
     metallic pedestal is positioned on a portion of the bottom shield and the
     nonmagnetic metallic pedestal has a width less than the width of the
     bottom shield. The bottom reader gap is positioned on the nonmagnetic
     metallic pedestal and on the bottom shield such that a portion of the
     bottom reader gap over the nonmagnetic metallic pedestal is raised
     relative to portions of the bottom reader gap not over the nonmagnetic
     metallic pedestal."
"A method and system for providing a magnetoresistive sensor is disclosed.
     The method and system include providing a first pinned layer, providing a
     free layer having a length, and providing a first spacer layer disposed
     between the first pinned layer and the free layer. The first spacer layer
     has a first interface with the first pinned layer. The method and system
     also include providing a second pinned layer and providing a second
     spacer layer disposed between the free layer and the second pinned layer.
     The second spacer layer has a second interface with the second pinned
     layer. A direction of a current passed through the magnetoresistive
     sensor is through the first interface, through the second interface, and
     along at least a portion of the length of the free layer."
"A magnetic resonance imaging system includes an MR signal reception
     apparatus comprising a receiving multi-coil and a switchover member. The
     receiving multi-coil receives MR signals and is composed of a plurality
     of element coils. The switchover member is configured to switch reception
     states of the MR signals received by the plurality of element coils in
     response to imaging conditions. The switchover member connects output
     paths of the MR signals from the plurality of element coils to a
     receiver, to reception channels in the receiver in response to the
     imaging conditions. The reception channels is less in number than the
     element coils. The imaging conditions are for example directed to
     parallel MR imaging."
"The invention relates to an MR apparatus (1) having an examination volume
     (6) of the open type such that the examination volume (6) is also
     accessible laterally, having main coil devices (2) for producing a main
     magnetic field that are disposed on two opposite sides of the examination
     volume (6), having at least one high-frequency coil device (5) for
     exciting the proton precession and having at least one two-part gradient
     coil device (4), disposed on opposite sides of the examination volume
     (6), for the positional coding of the excitation of the proton
     precession. The dynamic Lorentz forces have hitherto resulted in a high
     oscillation level. It is an object of the invention to provide an MR
     apparatus (1) that has only a low oscillation level. The invention
     proposes that, on at least one side of the examination volume (6), a
     central recess (7) extends from the examination volume (6) and through
     the main coil device (2), in which recess (7) a holding element (9) is
     disposed to whose side facing the examination volume (6) the gradient
     coil device (4) is exclusively attached."
"A magnetoresistive effect element (1) has an arrangement in which a pair
     of ferromagnetic material layers (magnetization fixed layer (5) and
     magnetization free layer (7)) is opposed to each other through an
     intermediate layer (6) to obtain a magnetoresistive change by causing a
     current to flow in the direction perpendicular to the layer surface and
     in which the ferromagnetic material layers are annealed by anneal
     including rotating field anneal and the following static field anneal. A
     magnetic memory device comprises this magnetoresistive effect element (1)
     and bit lines and word lines sandwiching the magnetoresistive effect
     element (1) in the thickness direction. When the magnetoresistive effect
     element (1) and the magnetic memory device are manufactured, the
     ferromagnetic material layers (5, 7) are annealed by rotating field
     anneal and the following static field anneal. There are provided the
     magnetoresistive effect element that can obtain excellent magnetic
     characteristics by controlling magnetic anisotropies of the ferromagnetic
     material layers, the magnetic memory device including this
     magnetoresistive effect element and which may have excellent write
     characteristics, and methods for manufacturing these magnetoresistive
     effect element and magnetic memory device."
"A method and apparatus of a spin-type magnetoresistance sensor having a
     free and pinned magnetic layer stacked with a non-magnetic interposed
     layer are disclosed. Specifically, the spin-valve type magnetoresistance
     sensor of the present invention is equipped with a free ferromagnetic
     layer, a pinned ferromagnetic layer, a non-magnetic spacer layer which is
     sandwiched between the aforementioned ferromagnetic layers, an
     anti-ferromagnetic layer which is disposed adjacent to the aforementioned
     pinned ferromagnetic layer and which is used to pin the direction of
     magnetization of said pinned ferromagnetic layer, a non-magnetic back
     layer which is disposed adjacent to the aforementioned free ferromagnetic
     layer and which is stacked on the opposite side the free ferromagnetic
     layer from the aforementioned nonmagnetic spacer layer, and an
     electron-reflective layer which is disposed adjacent to the
     aforementioned back layer and which is stacked on the opposite side of
     the back layer from the aforementioned free ferromagnetic layer."
"A magnetic control system for selectively enabling/disabling an
     implantable device's operation using externally applied pulsed magnetic
     means, e.g., a controlled electromagnet or the like. Typically, such
     implantable devices stimulate a neural pathway or muscle and/or block
     pain or muscle stimulation according to programmable settings.
     Preferably, once programmed from an external programmer, such implantable
     devices can operate ""independently"" using the externally provided
     programmed information. However, in certain circumstances, it may be
     desired to stop/pause the operation of such selected implanted device
     while not affecting other such devices. Accordingly, embodiments of the
     present invention include a magnetic sensor, preferably a
     magnetoresistive, Hall effect, saturated core reactors, or the like, to
     sense an externally provided magnetic field. By externally applying
     pulsed magnetic fields in sequences of controlled polarities, durations,
     intensities, etc., and sensing these identifiable sequences and
     transitions, the operation of the implantable device may be
     enabled/disabled."
"A fabricating process of a magnetic head includes the steps of forming a
     magneto-resistive film, forming a resist film on the magneto-resistive
     film, patterning the resist film to form a resist pattern, conducting a
     process while using the resist pattern as a mask, causing a shrinkage in
     the resist pattern, and conducting a second process while using the
     shrunken resist pattern as a mask."
"A magnetoresistive sensor has bias magnets with substantially vertical
     end walls. The offset between the bias magnets and the free layer is
     optimized by adjusting the thickness of a spacer layer. A disk drive has
     a read element including a magnetoresistive sensor with optimized bias
     magnets having substantially vertical end walls."
"A thin film magnetic head has a reading element including a
     magnetoresistive effective film, a pair of magnetic domain-controlling
     films and a pair of electrode films. The magnetic domain-controlling
     films are provided both sides of the magnetoresistive effective film in a
     track width direction, respectively, so that the depth of the magnetic
     domain-controlling films is set equal to the depth of the
     magnetoresistive effective film in a depth direction perpendicular to the
     track width direction. The electrode films are provided on the magnetic
     domain-controlling films so as to have elongated portions, respectively,
     beyond a region where the depth of the magnetic domain-controlling films
     is set equal to the depth of the magnetoresistive effective film."
"One aspect of the invention is a method for reconstructing a moving table
     MR image. The method comprises receiving an input array that includes a
     plurality of uncorrected k-space data points. The method further
     comprises clearing a summation array. For uncorrected k-space data points
     in the input array the following steps are performed. A kernel associated
     with the k-space data point is obtained. Corrected data is created in
     response to the k-space data point, the input array and the kernel.
     Creating the corrected data includes correcting the uncorrected k-space
     data point for gradient non-linearities, where the correction is
     performed in k-space, and correcting the uncorrected k-space data point
     for table movement. The corrected data is added into the summation array.
     The image is reconstructed in response to the data in the summation
     array."
"A magneto-resistive effect element includes a first ferromagnetic film; a
     second ferromagnetic film; and a first nonmagnetic film interposed
     between the first ferromagnetic film and the second ferromagnetic film.
     The first ferromagnetic film has a magnetization more easily rotatable
     than a magnetization of the second ferromagnetic film by an external
     magnetic field. The first ferromagnetic film has an effective magnetic
     thickness of about 2 nm or less."
"A magnetoresistive effect element includes a laminated body including a
     magnetosensitive layer a magnetizing direction of which is changed by an
     external magnetic field and constituted such that a current is made to
     flow in a direction orthogonal to a laminated layer face thereof, and a
     annular magnetic layer arranged at a side of one face of the laminated
     body to constitute an axial direction by a direction along the laminated
     layer face and constituted to be penetrated by a plurality of lead wires
     and therefore, a closed magnetic path can be formed by making current
     flow to a plurality of lead wires and inversion of magnetization at the
     magnetosensitive layer can further efficiently be carried out."
"A magneto-resistive random access memory (MRAM) stably read data stored
     in an MRAM cell in a magnetization direction of a variable magnetic layer
     of an MTJ element. The MRAM includes a first current sinking circuit to
     convert a current flowing to a sense amplifier node through a current
     path comprised of a plurality of bit lines into a voltage in an MRAM cell
     during the data read operation. A second current sinking circuit is also
     included to convert a current flowing to a reference node into a voltage
     in a reference MRAM cell. A sense amplifier is included to compare the
     signal from the first current sinking circuit with the reference signal
     from the second current sinking circuit, and perform an amplifying
     operation thereon to read data stored in the MRAM cell."
"A current-perpendicular-to-plane (CPP) giant magnetoresistive (GMR)
     sensor of the synthetic spin valve type is provided, the sensor
     comprising a GMR stack having a substantially square lateral
     cross-section, a Cu spacer layer of smaller square cross-section formed
     centrally on the GMR stack and a capped ferromagnetic free layer of
     substantially square, but even smaller cross-sectional area, formed
     centrally on the spacer layer. The stepped, reduced area geometry of the
     sensor provides a significant improvement in its GMR ratio (DR/R), a
     reduced resistance, R, and elimination of Joule heating hot-spots in
     regions of high resistance such as the antiferromagnetic pinning layer
     and its seed layer."
"A magnetic head is provided with a giant magnetoresistive element,
     barrier layer, and highly polarized spin injection layer, The barrier
     layer is inserted between the giant magnetoresistive element and the
     injection layer. By applying a sensing current to both the
     magnetoresistive element and the injection layer, an output of the
     magnetic head can be multiplied significnantly. The output of the head is
     increased by increasing a resistance change rate of a magnetoresistive
     element used as a reading element. The increasing of the resistane change
     rate is due to that a band of s electrons in the Cu film grown in the
     highly polarized spin injection layer is placed in a highly polarized
     state near the Fermi level and the upward spin current only flows into
     the giant magnetoresistive element, which has multiplied the output."
"A merged read/write magnetic recording head comprises a low magnetic
     moment first magnetic shield layer over a substrate. A read gap layer
     with a magnetoresistive head is formed over the first shield layer. A
     shared pole comprises a low magnetic moment second magnetic shield layer
     plated on a sputtered seed PLM layer over the read gap layer, a
     non-magnetic layer plated over the PLM layer and a HMM lower pole layer
     plated over the second magnetic shield layer. A write gap layer is formed
     over the first high magnetic moment pole layer of the shared pole. An
     upper pole comprises a high magnetic moment pole layer over the write gap
     layer."
"A sampled amplitude read channel is disclosed for magnetic disk storage
     systems comprising an adaptive non-linear correction circuit for
     correcting non-linear distortions in the read signal, such as asymmetry
     caused by the non-linear response of a magneto-resistive (MR) read head.
     The analog read signal is sampled and the discrete time sample values
     equalized into a desired partial response prior to sequence detection.
     The non-linear correction circuit is inserted into the read path prior to
     the sequence detector and adaptively tuned by a least-mean-square (LMS)
     adaptation circuit. In one embodiment, the non-linear correction circuit
     is a discrete-time Volterra filter comprising a linear response for
     implementing an equalizing filter, and a non-linear response for
     attenuating non-linear distortions in the read signal. The filter
     coefficients of both the linear and non-linear sections of the Volterra
     filter are adaptively adjusted by the LMS adaptation circuit. In an
     alternative embodiment, the non-linear correction circuit operates in the
     analog domain, prior to the sampling device, where the cost and
     complexity can be minimized. The analog correction circuit implements an
     inverse response to that of the non-linearity in the read signal, and the
     response is adaptively tuned using an LMS update value computed in
     discrete-time for a Volterra filter, without actually implementing a
     Volterra filter. Further, the LMS update value for the analog correction
     circuit can be implemented using a simple squaring circuit."
"A high magnetization, high resistivity, low corrosion and near zero
     magnetostriction soft adjacent layer (SAL) is provided for a
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensor of a read head. The MR sensor may either be
     an anisotropic MR (AMR) sensor or a spin valve sensor. In both sensors
     the SAL is CoHfNb or CoHfNbFe. The Hf is added to reduce corrosion and
     the Hf and Nb are balanced to provide near zero magnetostriction. The
     addition of Fe is an enhancer for reducing negative magnetostriction
     without diluting the magnetism of the alloy. Since CoHfNb has
     significantly higher magnetization than NiFeCr the SAL layer of CoHfNb
     can be thinner than the SAL of NiFeCr which results in a significantly
     higher resistance SAL. The higher resistance SAL equates to less shunting
     of the sense current through the SAL and better signal performance of the
     MR read head."
"A head substrate and a protective substrate are formed of an
     electrostatic-discharge resistant conductive material having an
     electrical resistivity of 10.sup.2 to 10.sup.10 .OMEGA.cm. These
     substrates are electrically connected to a base metal through the use of
     conductive paste and are set to a ground potential via the base metal and
     a rotating drum. This suppresses a discharge current flowing through an
     MR element when an electrostatically charged substance touches or
     approaches a magnetic reproducing head, a terminal, a conducting wire,
     etc. to generate an electrostatic discharge. The magnetic reproducing
     head including an MR element and the like is prevented against an
     electrostatic discharge damage. It is possible to provide the magnetic
     reproducing head, a head drum apparatus, and a magnetic
     recording-reproducing apparatus which can highly effectively prevent an
     electrostatic discharge damage."
"A thin film magnetic head having one or more magneto-resistive (MR)
     elements. A thermally conductive stud is incorporated in an underlayer of
     the head, below the bottom shield of the MR element. This stud acts as a
     heat sink, and enhances the heat flow from the bottom shield to the
     substrate to thereby reduce thermal contact noise in the device, as well
     as allowing use of higher bias currents when reading signals from the
     media."
"A method and apparatus for producing an image from an extended volume of
     interest within a subject using a Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) system
     are provided. The method comprises translating the volume using a
     positioning device along an axis of the MRI system. A plurality of MR
     signals are detected from at least one radiofrequency (RF) coil array for
     a given field-of-view within the MRI system as the positioning device is
     translated. The plurality of MR signals are sent to a plurality of
     receivers wherein the receivers are each adapted to adjust their
     respective center frequencies at a rate commensurate with a rate of
     translation of the positioning device. A plurality of respective
     sub-images corresponding to the plurality MR signals for each of the
     plurality of receivers are combined to form a composite image of the
     volume of interest."
"The spin valve reproducing head has a narrow track width and high
     stability. The spin valve reproducing head comprises: a base layer; a
     magnetoresistance effect film having a magnetic sensing section; biasing
     sections formed on both sides of the magnetoresistance effect film;
     terminal sections; an insulating layer covering said members; and an
     upper shielding layer formed on the insulating layer. The
     magnetoresistance effect film includes a fixed magnetic layer, a
     non-magnetic layer and a free magnetic layer piled in that order. And a
     non-magnetic electric conductive layer, whose resistivity is lower than
     that of the free magnetic layer, and an etching stop layer, whose
     sputtering rate is higher than that of tantalum and lower than that of
     copper, are piled on the free magnetic layer in that order."
"A magnetoresistance effect element includes a nonmagnetic spacer layer,
     first and second ferromagnetic layer separated by the nonmagnetic spacer
     layer, and a nonmagnetic conductivity layer. The first ferromagnetic
     layer has a magnetization direction at an angle relative to a
     magnetization direction of the second ferromagnetic layer at zero applied
     magnetic field. The second ferromagnetic layer has first and second
     ferromagnetic films antiferromagnetically coupled to one another and an
     antiferromagnetically coupling film located between and in contact with
     the first and second ferromagnetic films. The magnetization of the first
     ferromagnetic layer freely rotates in a magnetic field signal. The
     nonmagnetic conductivity layer is disposed in contact with the first
     ferromagnetic layer so that the first ferromagnetic layer is disposed
     between the nonmagnetic high-conductivity layer and the nonmagnetic
     spacer layer. The first ferromagnetic layer has a film thickness between
     0.5 nanometers and 4.5 nanometers."
"A method for forming a read transducer by ion milling and chemical
     mechanical polishing to eliminate nonuniformity near the MR sensor is
     disclosed. The resist mask is eliminated in the read transducer formation
     process so that the thickness of the layers near the read transducer has
     a uniform thickness."
"A narrow track width read sensor having a high magnetoresistive
     sensitivity is made using a self-aligned process which requires the use
     of only a single resist mask. A plurality of sensor layers is deposited
     over a substrate. After forming a resist mask in the central region,
     first lead layers are deposited in the end regions and over the resist
     mask. Using the resist mask, ion milling is performed such that the first
     lead layers and sensor layers in the end regions are substantially
     removed but sensor layers in the central region remain, to thereby form a
     read sensor having lead overlays on the edges thereof. Hard bias and
     second lead layers are then deposited in the end regions and over the
     resist mask. After the resist mask is removed, the top of the read sensor
     may be oxidized through an exposure to oxygen plasma."
"A method of writing to a magnetic random access memory comprising:
     producing a magnetic field along a magnetically hard axis of a free layer
     of a magnetoresistive element; and passing current through the
     magnetoresistive element to change a direction of magnetization of the
     free layer by spin momentum transfer. A magnetic random access memory
     that operates in accordance with the method is also included."
"A two-axis magnetic field sensor includes a substrate, a first sensor
     having at least one magnetoresistive element formed of GMR material on
     the substrate has a free layer having an easy axis of effective
     anisotropy field in a first direction. The first sensor is sensitive to
     magnetic field components perpendicular to the first direction. A current
     is caused to flow through the first sensor and variations in the
     resistivity of the first sensor due to the first magnetic field
     components are sensed. A second sensor having at least one
     magnetoresistive element formed of GMR material on the substrate has a
     free layer having an easy axis of effective anisotropy field in a
     direction substantially perpendicular to the first direction. The second
     sensor is sensitive to second magnetic field components perpendicular to
     its easy axis of effective anisotropy. A current is caused to flow
     through the second sensor and variations in the resistivity of the second
     sensor due to second magnetic field components are sensed."
"A magnetoresistance element, wherein a first electric conductor is so
     formed as to contact almost the center of the surface opposite to a
     non-magnetic layer of a first ferromagnetic layer so formed as to
     sandwich, along with a second ferromagnetic layer, the non-magnetic
     layer, and an insulator so formed as to cover at least the side surface
     of the first ferromagnetic layer and the non-magnetic layer is formed so
     as to cover the peripheral edge of the surface of the first ferromagnetic
     layer, whereby it is possible to prevent a leakage current from flowing
     from the first electric conductor to a second electric conductor along
     the side surfaces of the first ferromagnetic layer, the non-magnetic
     layer and the second ferromagnetic layer, and to make uniform a bias
     current running from the first electric conductor to the second electric
     conductor to thereby restrict variations in magnetoresistance
     characteristics such as MR value and junction resistance."
"Provided is a magnetic recording medium that exhibits excellent
     electromagnetic characteristics especially in recording and reproducing
     systems using an MR head, as well as has excellent long-term preservation
     property. The magnetic recording medium comprises a lower layer
     comprising a nonmagnetic powder or a ferromagnetic powder and a binder
     and at least one magnetic layer thereover comprising a ferromagnetic
     powder and a binder on a support. Said binder comprised in the lower
     layer and/or magnetic layer comprises a polyurethane, said polyurethane
     is polyurethane (1) prepared from a chain extending agent, an organic
     diisocyanate, and a polyester polyol which comprises a dibasic acid
     component and a diol component, wherein the dibasic acid component
     comprises an aliphatic dibasic acid component and 70 molar percent or
     more of the diol component is derived from a diol having an alkyl
     branched side chain comprising two or more carbon atoms without a ring
     structure, or said polyurethane is polyurethane (2) prepared from a chain
     extending agent which comprises an alkyl branched aliphatic diol
     comprising three or more of total carbon atoms in a branched side chain
     per molecule, an organic diisocyanate, and a polyester polyol which
     comprises a dibasic acid component and a diol component, wherein the
     dibasic acid component comprises an aliphatic dibasic acid component and
     70 molar percent or more of the diol component is derived from an alkyl
     branched aliphatic diol having a branched side chain of which total
     carbon atoms per molecule is two or more, and magnitude of saturation
     magnetic flux density (.phi.m) ranges from 150 to 400 G.mu.m."
"An MRAM having improved integration density and ability to use a magnetic
     tunneling junction (MTJ) layer having a low MR ratio, and methods for
     manufacturing and driving the same, are disclosed. The MRAM includes a
     semiconductor substrate having a bipolar junction transistor (BJT) formed
     thereon, a bit line coupled to an emitter of the BJT, an MTJ layer
     coupled to the BJT, a word line coupled to the MTJ layer, a plate line
     coupled to the BJT so as to be spaced apart from the MTJ layer, and an
     interlayer dielectric formed between components of the MRAM, wherein the
     MTJ layer is coupled to a base and a collector of the BJT, the plate line
     is coupled to the collector, and an amplifying unit for amplifying a
     signal while data is read out from the MTJ layer is coupled to the bit
     line, thereby allowing precise reading of the data."
"A current-perpendicular-to-the-plane (CPP) structure magnetoresistive
     (MR) element includes a pinned magnetic layer made of a granular film.
     The granular film contains electrically-conductive magnetic crystal
     grains and an dielectric material. The dielectric material serves to thin
     the path of the sensing electric current in the pinned magnetic layer.
     Moreover, the sensing electric current concentrates at the magnetic
     crystal grains. A larger variation can be obtained in the voltage of the
     sensing electric current. The output of the CPP structure MR element can
     be enhanced."
"A method and apparatus for providing a spin valve transistor with
     differential detection is disclosed. The present invention provides a
     structure including spin valves that are (100)-oriented on a (100)
     substrate to take advantages of the high MR sensitivity of spin valve
     transistor read heads without the need for shields. This allows the
     distance between the free layers in the differential sensor to be
     minimized thereby allowing an increase in the areal density."
"There is provided a cleaning tape capable of attaining sufficient
     cleaning effects while preventing electrostatic discharge damage to
     magnetoresistive heads or changes in reproduced output due to excessive
     head wear. The cleaning tape includes a non-magnetic substrate 1, surface
     protrusions 6 formed on the non-magnetic substrate 1 with particles 2
     having a particle diameter of 10 to 40 nm at a density of
     300.times.10.sup.4 to 5000.times.10.sup.4 mm.sup.2, a metal evaporated
     film 3 (preferably an electrically conductive layer such as an alloy
     layer containing Co as a primary component, an Al layer or the like)
     having a thickness of 10 to 200 nm and an inorganic protection film 4
     having a thickness of 3 to 50 nm formed on the metal evaporated film 3."
"The CPP structure magnetoresistive head has a structure such that a first
     lead line is electrically connected to a lead contact portion attached to
     a lower shield layer the width of which is either equal to or shorter
     than the maximum length of the lower shield layer in the track direction,
     or the height of which is either equal to or shorter than the maximum
     length of the lower shield layer in the stripe height direction. With the
     structures above, it is possible to prevent that a bump is generated on
     the upper shield layer by the first lead line, and that a magnetic domain
     is formed by the bump, which is a cause of noise generation. Further, it
     is possible to avoid overlapping between the lead line and the upper
     shield layer."
"A magnetic recording and reproducing system, including recording a signal
     on a magnetic recording medium by an inductive head and reproducing the
     signal by a magneto resistance head. The gap length of the inductive head
     is 0.3 .mu.m or less. The maximum particle diameter of ferromagnetic
     powder is from 1/10  to 1/2 of the gap length, the minimum particle
     diameter of the powder is from 1/100 to 1/5 of the gap length, and the
     thickness of a magnetic layer is from 1/10 to 1/2 of the gap length. The
     average particle size of the powder is from 10 to 35 nm, the tabular
     ratio is from 2 to 6, the squareness ratio of in-plane of the magnetic
     layer is from 0.5 to 0.9 in the longitudinal direction, and from 0.2 to
     0.6 in the thickness direction, and the thickness of the magnetic layer
     is from 0.01 to 0.2 .mu.m."
"A magnetoresistive sensor has at least one strip-shaped conductor that is
     formed from a magnetoresistive material and that is designed to determine
     its electrical resistance, which can be influenced by an external
     magnetic field, and/or to be acted on by an electric current. In order to
     construct a magnetoresistive sensor of this type in such a way that a
     further reduction in the hysteresis and an improved linearity are
     obtained, at least one screening strip is provided according to the
     invention that is disposed at least substantially parallel to and at a
     predetermined spacing from the conductor and is electrically separated
     from it."






"An upper metal layer made of a non-magnetic metal is formed as a
     protection layer on the top surface of a free layer positioned topmost of
     a magneto-resistive layer constituting a TMR device. An upper electrode,
     serving additionally as an upper magnetic shield layer, is electrically
     connected to the free layer through an underlying layer of the upper
     electrode, and the upper metal layer. The thickness of the upper metal
     layer is chosen to be 10 nm or more."
"A spin valve element includes an antiferromagnetic layer, a pinned
     magnetic layer formed in contact with the antiferromagnetic layer so that
     the magnetization direction thereof is pinned by an exchange coupling
     magnetic field with the antiferromagnetic layer, a nonmagnetic conductive
     layer in contact with the pinned magnetic layer, and a free magnetic
     layer in contact with the nonmagnetic conductive layer. The free magnetic
     layer includes a nonmagnetic intermediate layer, and first and second
     free magnetic layers with the nonmagnetic intermediate layer provided
     therebetween, the second free magnetic layer is formed in contact with
     the nonmagnetic conductive layer, the first and second free magnetic
     layers are antiferromagnetically coupled with each other to bring both
     layers into a ferrimagnetic state, and either of the first and second
     free magnetic layers comprises a ferromagnetic insulating film. It is
     thus possible to increase the sensitivity to an external magnetic field,
     and suppress the occurrence of a shunt loss to increase the rate of
     change in magnetoresistance."
"A magnetic memory device, in which a tunnel magneto resistance element
     that establishes a connection between a write word line (first
     interconnection) and a bit line (second interconnection) is provided
     within a region in which the write word line and the bit line cross in a
     grade-separated manner. The magnetic memory device comprises a through
     hole that is provided in such a manner that is insulated from the write
     word line and also extending through the write word line so as to
     establish a connection between the tunnel magneto resistance element and
     a second landing pad (interconnection layer) lower than the write word
     line, and a contact that is formed in the through hole through a side
     wall barrier film so as to establish a connection between the tunnel
     magneto resistance element and the second landing pad."
"A constant current supply circuit generates a constant current according
     to a control voltage. A data read current passing through a tunneling
     magneto-resistance element constituting a memory cell during data write
     is set according to the constant current. Constant current supply circuit
     includes a voltage adjustment circuit generating a reference voltage
     adjustable according to an external input, a current source generating
     the constant current according to the reference voltage, and a voltage
     switch circuit transmitting the reference voltage to the current source
     as a control voltage during a normal operation."
"A semiconductor memory device which uses tunneling magnetoresistive
     element as memory cells and eliminates the temperature dependencies in a
     write margin and read margin in such a way as to be able to accurately
     output a write current at the time of writing the memory cells. The
     semiconductor memory device is constructed in such a way that main bit
     lines or main word lines are laid out so as to cross bit lines or word
     lines perpendicularly, and a main bit line selector or a main word line
     selector which respectively selects the main bit line or the main word
     line is arranged outside a memory cell array."
"A magnetoresistive device includes a free ferromagnetic layer; a pinned
     structure; and a spacer layer between the free layer and the pinned
     structure. The pinned structure may include first, second and third
     ferromagnetic layers that are ferromagnetically coupled. The first and
     third layers are separated by the second layer. The second layer has a
     lower magnetic moment than the first and third layers. In the
     alternative, the pinned structure may include a single layer of
     Co.sub.50Fe.sub.50."
"A highly reliable magnetic recording/reproducing apparatus is provided.
     In the magnetic recording/reproducing apparatus, a spin-valve film is
     used as a magnetic sensor element for detecting magnetic signals. By
     defining the corrosion potential of this spin-valve film, and further by
     specifying the residual magnetization of a magnetic recording medium used
     as well as the product of the residual magnetization and the thickness of
     the magnetic layer to a range that is numerically optimal, the occurrence
     of corrosion on the surface of a magnetoresistive head that contacts the
     medium is prevented, and the occurrence of electromagnetic discharge is
     avoided. Further, by numerically specifying the surface resistivity of
     the metal magnetic thin film of the magnetic recording medium, as well as
     the roughness of the surface on which the metal magnetic thin film is
     formed, electrostatic discharge preventing effects and wear resistance
     are improved."
"Magnetoresistive (MR) sensors have leads that overlap a MR structure and
     distribute current to the MR structure so that the current is not
     concentrated in small portions of the leads. An electrically resistive
     capping layer can be formed between the leads and the MR structure to
     distribute the current. The leads can include resistive layers and
     conductive layers, the resistive layers having a thickness-to-resistivity
     ratio that is greater than that of each of the conductive layers. The
     resistive layers may protect the conductive layers during MR structure
     etching, so that the leads have broad layers of electrically conductive
     material for connection to MR structures. The broad leads conduct heat
     better than the read gap material that they replace, further reducing the
     temperature at the connection between the leads and the MR structure."
"The present invention relates to a probe and processes useful for
     magnetic resonance imaging and spectroscopy instruments. More
     particularly, the invention relates to a MR probe and processes for
     obtaining resolution enhancements of fluid objects, including live
     specimens, using an ultra-slow (magic angle) spinning (MAS) of the
     specimen combined with a modified phase-corrected magic angle turning
     (PHORMAT) pulse sequence. Proton NMR spectra were measured of the torso
     and the top part of the belly of a female BALBc mouse in a 2T field,
     while spinning the animal at a speed of 1.5 Hz. Results show that even in
     this relatively low field with PHORMAT, an isotropic spectrum is obtained
     with line widths that are a factor 4.6 smaller than those obtained in a
     stationary mouse. Resolution of .sup.1H NMR metabolite spectra are thus
     significantly enhanced. Results indicate that PHORMAT has the potential
     to significantly increase the utility of .sup.1H NMR spectroscopy for in
     vivo biochemical, biomedical and/or medical applications involving
     large-sized biological objects such as mice, rats and even humans within
     a hospital setting. For small-sized objects, including biological
     objects, such as excised tissues, organs, live bacterial cells, and
     biofilms, use of PASS at a spinning rate of 30 Hz and above is preferred."
"A rotation angle detecting device and a torque detecting device, which
     can prevent waveforms to be outputted from a plurality of semiconductor
     MR elements, from dispersing due to the material difference of a
     semiconductor wafer. A plurality of semiconductor MR elements are formed
     over a common cell of a semiconductor wafer and are arranged to confront
     at such positions different from each other in a target circumferential
     direction with respect to corresponding input and output shafts that
     signals to be outputted according to the rotations of the input and
     output shafts to be detected may establish a predetermined phase
     difference in an electrical angle."
"Hard biasing of a magnetoresistive sensor or a spin valve sensor in a
     magnetic read head is initialized by repeatedly applying a magnetic field
     to the hard biasing at any level of fabrication of the magnetic read head
     or any combination of levels of fabrication of the read head such as at
     the wafer level, row bar level, single slider level, head gimbal assembly
     (HGA) level and/or head stack assembly (HSA) level."
"The present invention provides a magnetoresistive element in which a
     first magnetic layer and a second magnetic layer whose coercive forces
     are different, and a non-magnetic layer that is disposed between the
     magnetic layers, wherein edges of the magnetoresistive element are
     tapered, or a magnetoresistive element in which a first magnetic layer
     and a second magnetic layer, and a non-magnetic layer that is disposed
     between the magnetic layers, wherein the coercive force of the first
     magnetic layer is larger than the coercive force of the second magnetic
     layer, and wherein relation between a base area S1 of the first magnetic
     layer and a base area S2 of the second magnetic layer is S1&gt;S2."
"Method for determining a present coil temperature of a coil of a
     magnetorheological (MR) damper of an operating automotive vehicle,
     wherein the coil is powered by an output of a controller connected to the
     coil through a conductor. One step includes calculating a
     coil-plus-conductor resistance from the voltage and the current of the
     output of the controller when the controller applies a test current to
     the coil and the conductor. Another step includes calculating the present
     coil temperature using at least the coil-plus-conductor resistance and
     compensating for the resistance of the conductor."
"A magneto resistive memory device is fabricated by etching a blanket
     metal stack comprised of a buffer layer, pinned magnetic layer, a tunnel
     barrier layer and a free magnetic layer. The problem of junction shorting
     from resputtered metal during the etching process is eliminated by
     formation of a protective spacer covering the side of the freelayer and
     tunnel barrier interface. The spacer is formed following the first etch
     through the free layer which stops on the barrier layer. After spacer
     formation a second etch is made to isolate the device. The patterning of
     the device tunnel junction is made using a disposable mandrel method that
     enables a self-aligned contact to be made following the completion of the
     device patterning process."
"A slider scale package assembly in a head gimbal assembly (HGA) for
     electrically coupling a slider/magnetic recording (MR) head to a head
     interconnect circuit in a disc drive includes a flex circuit attached to
     the back of the slider/MR head which turns the slider/MR head into the
     slider scale package with at least one repositioned interconnect pad
     disposed at the back of the slider/MR head. The flex circuit further
     includes a conductive material, one end of which is electrically bonded
     to a bond pad of the slider/MR head, and the other end is electrically
     bonded to a conductive material of the head interconnect circuit via the
     interconnect pad. A plurality of flex circuits can be made in a sheet
     format and dividable into a plurality of individual flex circuits to be
     attached to a plurality of slider/MR heads. The bonding of the conductive
     material of the flex circuit to the slider/MR head and the bonding of the
     interconnect pad of the flex circuit to the conductive material of the
     head interconnect circuit can be done in a separate automated process."
"A position and electromagnetic field sensor is provided. The sensor
     relies upon an oscillator such as a Robinson marginal oscillator to
     generate an rf or microwave electromagnetic field. As an inhomogeneously
     shaped object, such as a metallic toothed wheel, for example, moves
     through the resultant field, the field experiences a change in electric
     or magnetic susceptibility. This in turn causes energy losses in the
     oscillator the magnitude of which can be output as a d.c. signal related
     thereto. To detect non-moving objects which nevertheless generate an
     electromagnetic field or have attached to them a source thereof, the
     sensor also includes a giant or colossal magnetoresistive structure
     located adjacent the oscillator coil, the structure having an imaginary
     magnetic susceptibility which is strongly dependent upon the magnitude
     and direction of the field generated by or at the object to be sensed."
"An integrated magnetic field sensing device includes at least two
     magnetoresistive elements which are biased in a first direction by an
     integral conductor and are sensitive to magnetic field components in a
     direction perpendicular to the first direction. The sensitivity of the
     device to a magnetic field is adjustable and is related to the level of
     the bias current. In a current measuring application, two of the magnetic
     field sensing devices are mounted on opposite sides of and perpendicular
     to a conductor carrying a current to be measured. In a portable current
     measuring apparatus, two of the magnetic field sensors are mounted in a
     housing that assists in locating the magnetic field sensors relative to
     the conductor carrying the current to be measured."
"A magnetic head for reproducing a signal recorded on a recording medium,
     includes a substrate, a magnetic head core provided on the substrate,
     having a magnetic gap, and a magnetoresistance device provided on the
     magnetic head core. The magnetic head core is provided in such a manner
     that a thickness direction of the magnetic head core around the magnetic
     gap is substantially the same as a track width direction of the recording
     medium."
"A magneto-resistive random access memory (MRAM) array comprises global
     bit lines segmented using a plurality of local bit lines. A read/write
     controller is connected to the switches. Switches couple the global bit
     line to the local bit lines. The MRAM array has low leakage currents and
     facilitates a high signal-to-noise (S/N) ratio of read and write
     operations."
"An MR element includes a free layer. Hard magnetic layers are placed on
     both sides of the MR element and apply a bias magnetic field to the free
     layer. A pair of electrode layers are placed as spaced from each other,
     and supplies a sense current to the free layer. Layer structures are
     placed between portions overlapping with the respective electrode layers
     in the ambilateral regions of the free layer, and the electrode layers.
     Each layer structure includes a nonmagnetic layer, a ferromagnetic layer,
     and an antiferromagnetic layer. A direction of magnetization of the
     ferromagnetic layer is fixed by the antiferromagnetic layer, and a
     magnetic thickness of the ferromagnetic layer is set greater than that of
     the free layer."
"A method for reducing noise in a lapping guide. Selected portions of a
     Giant magnetoresistive device wafer are masked, thereby defining masked
     and unmasked regions of the wafer in which the unmasked regions include
     lapping guides. The wafer is bombarded with ions such that a Giant
     magnetoresistive effect of the unmasked regions is reduced. The GMR
     device is lapped, using the lapping guides to measure an extent of the
     lapping"
"A method and apparatus is provided for segmenting a left ventricular
     endocardium in a magnetic resonance image. Image shape, size, gradients,
     intensity, and connectivity are used to locate the endocardial boundary.
     Specifically, a series of dilations and refinements to a mask
     corresponding to acquired data is performed. Variations in intensity,
     representing the endocardial boundary, are detected, and the endocardial
     boundary may then be clearly identified in the MR image."
"An MRAM includes a magneto resistive element, which has a record layer and
     a reference layer disposed to sandwich a tunnel barrier film and is
     configured to store data in the record layer. An electric current drive
     line is disposed to selectively apply a magnetic field to the magneto
     resistive element. The record layer has a first ferromagnetic layer while
     the reference layer has a second ferromagnetic layer. Retentivity of
     retaining a magnetization direction of the second ferromagnetic layer is
     smaller than retentivity of retaining a magnetization direction of the
     first ferromagnetic layer, against a magnetic field applied to the magneto
     resistive element by the electric current drive line."
"A semiconductor memory device includes a first magneto resistive element
     disposed in a memory cell portion, a first circuit disposed in the memory
     cell portion, the first circuit writing data into the first magneto
     resistive element or reading out data from the first magneto resistive
     element, and at least a portion of a second circuit disposed in a region
     below the memory cell portion."
"A giant magneto-resistive (GMR) sensor for a magnetic head for a hard disk
     drive is disclosed. The sensor includes: a free magnetic layer; a bias
     layer that provides a bias magnetic field to the free magnetic layer and a
     bias pinning layer that provides a stabilizing magnetic field to the bias
     layer and that has a width substantially longer than the width of the free
     magnetic layer. Embodiments of the invention may further include an
     anti-ferromagnetic layer having a width substantially longer than the
     width of the free layer, or both an anti-ferromagnetic layer and a pinned
     magnetic structure each having a width substantially longer than the width
     of the free layer."
"A method and apparatus for providing precise control of magnetic coupling
     field in NiMn top spin valve heads and amplitude enhancement is disclosed.
     The magnetic coupling between free and pinned layers in NiMn top spin
     valve heads is precisely controlled by employing the surface oxidation of
     Cu seed layer or/and Cu spacer layer that improve both the interfacial
     quality and the crystalline texture. According to the present invention
     the magnitude of coupling field can be precisely controlled without
     affecting resistance, and the amplitude of giant magneto-resistive(GMR)
     heads is improved by 15% at the same coupling field without affecting
     asymmetry performance. Thus, the present invention improves not only the
     interfacial roughness, but also improves the magnetic layer texture. The
     oxidation of Cu seed layer in the NiMn top spin valve structure provides
     more robust process with good control in coupling field that affects
     asymmetry of a GMR head."
"A giant magnetoresistance (GMR) head for magnetic storage systems, the GMR
     head having a free layer with improved soft magnetic properties while
     retaining giant magnetoresistance (GMR) effects. The free layer comprises
     an alloy comprising Co.sub.x, Fe.sub.y, and Cu.sub.z, wherein x, y, and z
     represent the atomic weight percentage of Co, Fe, and Cu, respectively."
"The object of the present invention is to provide a magnetoresistive
     magnetic head having good, stable playback characteristics. In an MR head
     wherein an MR element is interposed between a lower shield layer and an
     upper shield layer, separated by non-magnetic layers. The lower shield
     layer and the upper shield layer are formed from a material having high
     permeability and high resistivity. Since the magnetic shield layers are
     formed from materials having high permeability and high resistivity, even
     if friction causes dragging of the head surface, there is effectively no
     short circuit between the magnetic shield layer and the magnetic element."
"A parallel magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) apparatus configurable to image
     a physical entity comprises:
    a main magnetic flux source for providing a uniform fixed magnetic field,
     B.sub.0 ;
    an RF array system comprising a plurality of RF coils and receivers, said
     RF system configured for:
    generating rotating RF excitation magnetic fields B.sub.1 ; and
    receiving RF signals due to precessing nuclear magnetization on multiple
     spatially distinct radio frequency coils and associated receiver channels,
     said RF system being configured to operate in accordance with a B.sub.1
     sensitivity encoding technique;
    a control processor for controlling imaging functionality, collecting image
     data and effecting data processing of the captured image data the control
     processor being configured with post processing capability for the B.sub.1
     sensitivity encoding technique;
    an image display means for displaying processed image data as resultant
     images; and
    an auxiliary magnetic field means capable of producing at least one
     auxiliary uniform B.sub.0 step magnetic field imaging region within the
     main B.sub.0 magnetic field;
    wherein:
    the auxiliary magnetic field, means is configured to operate in combination
     with the RF coil system and the B.sub.1 sensitivity encoding technique,
     the imaging apparatus thereby providing faster image acquisition than that
     attributed to the speed up factor provided solely by the B.sub.1
     sensitivity encoding technique.
The invention also includes a method of imaging using this apparatus.
Furthermore, the invention also includes a method and apparatus for
     three-dimensional MR imaging using a 1D Multiple Acquisition Micro B.sub.0
     array coupled with a 2D Multiple Acquisition Micro B.sub.0 array."
"A magnetoresistive device of the type with a pinned ferromagnetic layer and
     a free ferromagnetic layer separated by a nonmagnetic spacer layer has an
     exchange-coupled antiferromagnetic/ferromagnetic structure that uses a
     half-metallic ferromagnetic Heusler alloy with its near 100% spin
     polarization as the pinned ferromagnetic layer. The exchange-coupled
     structure includes an intermediate ferromagnetic layer between the AF
     layer and the pinned half-metallic ferromagnetic Heusler alloy layer,
     which results in exchange biasing. Magnetoresistive devices that can
     incorporate the exchange-coupled structure include current-in-the-plane
     (CIP) read heads and current-perpendicular-to-the-plane (CPP) magnetic
     tunnel junctions and read heads. The exchange-coupled structure may be
     located either below or above the nonmagnetic spacer layer in the
     magnetoresistive device."
"An imaging system and method combines a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)
     system and an x-ray fluoroscopy system such that the two systems have
     coincident fields of view. X-rays are generated by a stationary anode
     x-ray tube in which an electron beam is accelerated from a cathode to an
     anode. In the presence of the static magnetic field of the MRI system, the
     electron beam is deflected unless it is parallel to the static magnetic
     field. The x-ray source of the invention contains elements used to steer
     the electron beam and increase its focusing on the anode. The beam can be
     steered electrostatically, electromagnetically, or by adding magnetic
     material to the x-ray source. In the resulting system, MR and x-ray images
     are acquired without moving the object, which is particularly useful for
     image-guided medical intervention procedures."
"The semiconductor industry seeks to reduce the risk of traditional volatile
     storage devices with improved non-volatile storage devices. The increased
     demand for a significantly advanced, efficient, and non-volatile data
     retention technique has driven the development of integrated
     giant-magneto-resistive (GMR) structures. A non-volatile logic state
     retention devices, such as GMR storage elements, and concerns a
     save-on-power-down circuit that may be integrated with conventional
     semiconductor-based computing, logic, and memory devices to retain
     volatile logic states and/or volatile digital information in a
     non-volatile manner."
"A write element for a magnetoresistive (""MR"") head or a giant
     magnetoresistive (GMR) head includes a yoke and a coil. The coil made of a
     microstrip transmission line. The coil is a single turn and is U-shaped.
     The yoke of the write element includes laminated bottom pole, and top pole
     which are made of thin layers of ferromagnetic material
     antiferromagnetically exchange coupled to each other through a very thin
     nonmagnetic metallic layer. The yoke is made of metallic superlattices
     exhibiting strong antiferromagnetic exchange coupling between
     ferromagnetic layers through thin nonmagnetic metallic layers. The coil
     and the yoke are intertwined to provide two or more flux interactions
     between them. The yoke has a symmetrical structure with three interconnect
     vias, thereby reducing the effective magnetic length of the yoke. The
     antiferromagnetically exchange-coupled yoke has a stable single domain
     structure that exhibits very high switching time and does not suffer from
     hysteresis losses."
"An improvement in the corrosion resistance of a magnetoresistive head is
     aimed for, and a high magnetoresistivity ratio is maintained. In a
     magnetoresistive head equipped with, as a magnetic sensor element for
     detecting magnetic signals while in contact with a magnetic recording
     medium, a spin-valve film, which has a structure where an
     anti-ferromagnetic layer, a pinned layer in which the direction of
     magnetization is pinned in a predetermined direction by an
     exchange-coupling magnetic field at work between itself and the
     anti-ferromagnetic layer, a free layer in which the direction of
     magnetization changes in accordance with an external magnetic field, and a
     non-magnetic layer for magnetically isolating the pinned layer and the
     free layer are layered, the corrosion potential of the spin-valve film
     relative to a standard hydrogen electrode measured while immersed in a
     NaCl solution of a concentration of 0.1 mol/L is specified at +0.4 [V vs.
     SHE] or above."
"A head includes first and second read modules. The first module has an MR
     element formed on a wafer having a grating directed along a first
     direction. The magnetization of the first module element is directed along
     the first direction. The first module element is biased with a first
     current directed along a direction such that magnetically stable operation
     of the element results, that is along an opposite second direction. The
     second module has an element formed on a wafer having a grating directed
     along the first direction. The second module is flipped respect to the
     first module such that the grating is directed along the second direction.
     The magnetization of the second module element is directed along the
     second direction. The second module element is biased with a second
     current directed along the direction opposite to the first current, i.e.,
     the second current is directed along the first direction."
"A magnetic recording head includes an upper shield layer, a lower shield
     layer, a magnetoresistive film interposed between the upper shield layer
     and the lower shield layer, and a pair of leads electrically coupled to
     the magnetoresistive film, in which a pair of side shield layers
     constituted by portions of the upper shield layer is formed on both sides
     of the magnetoresistive film, and a spacing between each side shield layer
     and the magnetoresistive film is formed to be narrower than twice of a
     spacing between the upper shield layer and the lower shield layer, thereby
     a side reading amount can be made smaller than a conventional side reading
     value determined from the spacing between the upper and lower shield
     layers and a magnetic spacing between the head and a medium."
"In a thin-film magnetic head having a multilayered film developing a
     magnetoresistive effect, which is present between an upper shielding layer
     and a lower shielding layer both formed above an AlTiC substrate, a recess
     for defining the lower shielding layer is formed in an underlayer present
     on a surface of the AlTiC substrate, and a lower shielding layer made of
     NiFe is provided in the recess. A SiO.sub.2 film is interposed between the
     underlayer and the lower shielding layer."
"A system and method for mimicking a human brain for MR imaging at various
     magnetic field strengths is disclosed. A phantom is constructed of a
     structure having a number of sections. A first section contains a mixture
     of nickel chloride, agarose gel powder, potassium sorbate, deuterium
     oxide, and water such that the T1, T2, and proton density values of the
     first section mimic white matter of the human brain. A second section
     contains different amounts of the same components such that the T1, T2,
     and proton density values of the second section mimic gray matter of the
     human brain. As such, when the phantom is scanned in an MR imaging
     machine, an optimized flip angle for T1-weighted imaging to improve
     contrast between white matter and gray matter of the human brain that
     takes into account proton density differences therebetween can be
     determined."
"A method is provided for testing a magnetoresistive sensor for polarity
     reversal. In one embodiment, the method includes: writing a test pattern
     on a magnetic disk; providing a mechanical or thermal stress to the
     magnetoresistive sensor for a period of time; and, comparing the polarity
     of the test pattern before and after the application of stress."
"A method of manufacturing a magnetic memory device includes forming an
     insulation layer on a substrate, forming a lower electrode on the
     insulation layer, forming a magneto-resistive film on an upper surface of
     the lower electrode, the magneto-resistive film including an insulation
     barrier layer and a plurality of magnetic films stacked on both sides of
     the insulation barrier layer, stacking a mask layer on the
     magneto-resistive film, performing ion etching on the magneto-resistive
     film, using the mask layer as a mask, thereby forming a magneto-resistive
     element, forming an insulation film on upper surfaces of the mask, the
     magneto-resistive element and the lower electrode, and etching the
     insulation film with an ion beam such that a side surface of the
     magneto-resistive element is exposed."
"The invention relates to a magnetoresistive semiconductor element,
     including a first contact and a second contact, and also a layer of a
     nonmagnetic semiconductor arranged between the first contact and the
     second contact. The first contact is composed of a semi-magnetic material.
     The semi-magnetic material is a strongly paramagnetic material whose
     electron spins have no preferential direction without an action of an
     external magnetic field. Under the action of an external magnetic field,
     the electrons are spin-polarized in the first contact. When a voltage is
     applied this results in the injection of spin-polarized electrons into the
     nonmagnetic semiconductor. As a result, in the nonmagnetic semiconductor,
     only one of the spin channels can be used for transporting the charge
     carriers, so that a positive magnetoresistive effect is obtained."
"A magnetic resonance imaging system for interventional MR imaging involves
     operations to insert a device such as a catheter into an object. According
     to the system, a tip position of the catheter is detected, data indicative
     of moved loci of the catheter are produced from data indicative of the
     detected tip position, and the produced movement locus data are displayed.
     In addition, even when an operator changes the progress direction of the
     device such as a puncture needle, an imaging cross-section automatically
     tracks movements of the device. Appropriate preoperative planning is also
     provided."
"A magnetic random access memory having a memory cell array in which one
     block is formed from a plurality of magnetoresistive elements using a
     magnetoresistive effect, and a plurality of blocks are arranged in row and
     column directions, includes a plurality of first magnetoresistive elements
     arranged in a first block, a plurality of first word lines each of which
     is independently connected to one terminal of a corresponding one of the
     first magnetoresistive elements and runs in the row direction, a first
     read sub bit line commonly connected to the other terminal of each of the
     first magnetoresistive elements, a first block select switch whose first
     current path has one end connected to one end of the first read sub bit
     line, and a first read main bit line which is connected to the other end
     of the first current path and runs in the column direction."
"A magnetoresistance sensor structure includes a magnetoresistance sensor
     having a sensor surface plane and having a free layer. An upper
     antiferromagnetic layer overlies at least a portion of the free layer, and
     an upper ferromagnetic layer overlies and contacts at least a portion of
     the upper antiferromagnetic layer on a contact face lying parallel to the
     sensor surface plane, so that the upper antiferromagnetic layer lies
     between the upper ferromagnetic layer and the free layer. The
     magnetoresistance sensor may be a giant magnetoresistance sensor or a
     tunnel magnetoresistance sensor."
"A flux guide type includes a magnetoresistive device for reading a signal
     flux, and a flux guide for transmitting the signal flux to the
     magnetoresistive device. The flux guide includes a laminated film that
     includes a ferromagnetic layer, a non-magnetic layer and a ferromagnetic
     layer in this order, and the two ferromagnetic layers in the flux guide
     have antiparallel directions of magnetization with respect to the
     non-magnetic layer."
"A smart switch has a magnetic operator, at least one magnetic sensor
     located to sense movement of the magnetic operator, and a processor that
     processes an output of the magnetic sensor so as to detect right and left
     over travel ranges and a normal operating range of the magnetic operator.
     The magnetic sensor may be a magnetoresistive sensor."
"A magnetic memory device includes first wiring which runs in the first
     direction, second wiring which runs in the second direction, a
     magneto-resistance element which is arranged at an intersection between
     the first and second wirings, a first yoke main body which covers at least
     either of the lower surface and two side surfaces of the first wring, a
     second yoke main body which covers at least either of the upper surface
     and two side surfaces of the second wiring, first and second yoke tips
     which are arranged on two sides of the magneto-resistance element in the
     first direction at an interval from the magneto-resistance element, and
     third and fourth yoke tips which are arranged on two sides of the
     magneto-resistance element in the second direction at an interval from the
     magneto-resistance element."
"A semiconductor integrated circuit device includes a cell transistor; a bit
     line provided above the cell transistor; a magnetoresistive element
     provided above the bit line, a first end portion of the magnetoresistive
     element being electrically connected to the bit line; an intracell local
     interconnection provided above the magnetoresistive element, the intracell
     local interconnection coupling one of source and drain regions of the cell
     transistor to a second end portion of the magnetoresistive element; and a
     write word line provided above the intracell local interconnection, a
     portion between the write word line and the intracell local
     interconnection being filled with an insulator alone."
"Methods and devices for monitoring distributed electric power are
     disclosed, including energy devices with a sensor for monitoring an
     electric circuit, and a memory to store sensor measurements. Various
     techniques are disclosed for using polymeric RAM, 1T-DRAM, enhanced SRAM,
     magnetoresistive RAM, organic RAM, chalcogenide RAM, holographic memory,
     PLEDM, single-electron RAM, fractal cluster glass memory and other
     technologies in energy devices with high-endurance, high-density,
     high-capacity, non-volatile, solid-state, or removable memories."
"The magneto-resistance effect element includes: a first ferromagnetic layer
     serving as a magnetization fixed layer; a magnetization free layer
     including a second ferromagnetic layer provided on one side of the first
     ferromagnetic layer, a third ferromagnetic layer which is formed on an
     opposite side of the second ferromagnetic layer from the first
     ferromagnetic layer and has a film face having an area larger than that of
     the second ferromagnetic layer and whose magnetization direction is
     changeable by an external magnetic field, and an intermediate layer which
     is provided between the second ferromagnetic layer and the third
     ferromagnetic layer and which transmits a change of magnetization
     direction of the third ferromagnetic layer to the second ferromagnetic
     layer; and a tunnel barrier layer provided between the first ferromagnetic
     layer and the second ferromagnetic layer."
"A technique is set forth that is designed to reduce RF induced power in
     high field MR imaging that includes application of an initial contrast
     preserving phase of RF pulses. These initial RF pulses are designed to
     have a constant, relatively high flip angle over the initial contrast
     preserving phase. Following an effective TE, a ramp down phase is applied
     that has a limited number of RF pulses with a flip angle that is less than
     the flip angle of those in the initial contrast preserving phase. Further,
     the RF pulses in the ramp down phase have a flip angle that is decreased
     over the ramp down phase. This technique provides improved resolution and
     steady contrast and SNR, while significantly reducing induced RF power."
"An arrangement can determine the position of a motion sensor element
     influencing the formation of a magnetic field of a working magnet
     periodically along its motion co-ordinate. Such an arrangement includes
    a sensor arrangement, sensitive along a measuring direction aligned
     parallel to the motion co-ordinate of the motion sensor element.
The motion sensor element includes; periodically recurrent areas
     alternately influencing the measuring field which is being formed parallel
     to the main surface.
The magnetic field of the working magnet is aligned perpendicular to the
     main surface of the motion sensor element.
The sensor arrangement is formed as a magnetoresistive sensor arrangement
     with at least one half bridge.
The arrangement according to the invention provides the possibility of a
     reliable operation, with a simple structure, also under said conditions
     and, in connection with a great freedom from interference, it is also
     quite insensitive to manufacturing tolerances."
"A magnetorheological fluid delivery system includes a mixing and tempering
     vessel. Fluid is admitted to the vessel via a plurality of tangential
     ports, creating a mixing of the fluid in the vessel and promoting
     homogeneity. Fluid may be reconstituted in the vessel by metered addition
     of carrier fluid. A fixed-speed centrifugal pump disposed in the vessel
     pressurizes the system. Fluid is pumped through a magnetic-induction
     flowmeter and a magnetic flow control valve having solenoid windings
     whereby MR fluid is magnetically stiffened to restrict flow. A closed-loop
     feedback control system connects the output of the flowmeter to
     performance of the valve. A nozzle having a slot-shaped bore dispenses MR
     fluid for re-use in the work zone. A planar-diaphragm flush-mounted
     pressure transducer at the entrance to the nozzle and flowmeter
     inferentially measure relaxed viscosity and provide signals to a computer
     for dispensing metered amounts of carrier fluid into the mixing vessel to
     assure correct composition of the reconstituted fluid as it is dispensed."
"A magnetic memory device that includes a magnetoresistive element, a
     conductive wire for generating magnetic flux that changes a resistance
     value of the magnetoresistive element, and at least one ferromagnetic
     member through which the magnetic flux passes. The ferromagnetic member
     forms a magnetic gap at a position where the magnetic flux passes through
     the magnetoresistive element. A length of the magnetoresistive element
     that is measured in a direction parallel to the magnetic gap is less than
     or equal to twice the length of the magnetic gap. A length of a path
     traced by the magnetic flux in the ferromagnetic member is less than or
     equal to 1.0 .mu.m. The length of the path is also greater than or equal
     to five times the thickness of the ferromagnetic member and/or is greater
     than or equal to a length of the ferromagnetic member in the direction of
     the drawing of the conductive wire divided by five."
"A transducing head has a magnetoresistive sensor and a first and a second
     dual path conductor/magnet structure for providing current to the
     magnetoresistive sensor and for stabilizing the magnetoresistive sensor.
     The first and the second dual path conductor/magnet structures are
     arranged in an abutted-junction configuration on opposite sides of the
     magnetoresistive sensor. Each of the first and the second dual path
     conductor/magnet structures has at least one bias layer and at least one
     conductor layer. Each bias layer is formed upon a bias seed layer
     positioned over one of the conductor layers. Each bias seed layer is
     selected to result in the bias layer formed upon it having a coercivity
     between about 1 kOe and about 5 kOe and an in-plane remnant squareness
     greater than about 0.8. Most preferably, each of the first and the second
     dual path conductor/magnet structures is formed of at least two conductor
     layers interspersed with at least one bias layer."
"A magneto-resistive magnetic sensor has an overlay-type structure and
     includes a cap layer on a top surface of a magneto-resistive structure and
     a pair of electrodes provided on said cap layer with a separation from
     each other, wherein there is interposed an oxidation-resistant conductive
     film underneath each electrode, such that the oxidation-resistant
     conductive film is sandwiched between the cap film and the electrode."
"Magneto-Resistive (MR) head read/write channel (400) provides timer (421),
     detector (433) and amplifier (432) to reduce the amount of time required
     to transition from read mode to write mode. Controller (410) issues the
     write command (WGATE) to signal a pending mode change from read to write
     mode. While read/write channel (400) remains in read mode, timer (421)
     begins a configurable countdown sequence, which allows Arm Electronics
     (430), except for a final output stage of amplifier (432), to power up in
     preparation for write mode. Once timer (421) has reached terminal count,
     signal (CHWGATE) is de-asserted, which causes write channel (422) to warm
     up. After warm up, write channel (422) writes serial data (WRITE DATA) to
     detector (433). Still in read mode, detector (433) detects the presence of
     WRITE DATA from write channel (422) and asserts signal (AEWGATE). The
     assertion of signal (AEWGATE) cancels read mode and enables amplifier
     (432) to source current to MR head (440) in response to WRITE DATA to
     begin a fully operational write mode."
"A rotation detecting device includes a magnetoresistive unit comprising a
     pair of magnetoresistive sensing elements arranged in line symmetry, and a
     biasing magnet that generates magnetic flux. The magnetoresistive unit is
     arranged so that its line of symmetry extends in the direction of the
     magnetic flux generated by the biasing magnet. As a result, an output of
     the magnetoresistive unit does not change when the magnetic flux passes
     along the line of symmetry whether operating in a high temperature
     condition or a room temperature condition. By setting the threshold level
     to this output voltage, the output of the magnetoresistive unit can be
     shaped into a pulse signal without changing it in correspondence with
     temperatures."
"A magnetorheological damper system comprising a reservoir in communication
     with a damper. The damper comprises a damper cylinder defining a damper
     chamber, wherein the damper chamber contains a magnetorheological fluid
     and a movable damper piston. The damper piston comprises at least two coil
     windings on the outer surface of the damper piston, wherein the damper
     piston is capable of generating a magnetic field between the damper piston
     and a wall of the damper cylinder. The reservoir comprises a reservoir
     cylinder defining a passageway, wherein the reservoir includes a
     magnetorheological electromagnet capable of generating a magnetic field
     between the magnetorheological piston and a wall of the passageway. The
     combination of the an MR reservoir and MR damper leads to a damping system
     capable of damping a wide range of extreme forces."
"In a magnetoresistive effect transducer including a pinning layer, a pinned
     layer, a free layer and a non-magnetic layer inserted between the pinned
     layer and the free layer, a longitudinal bias layer is connected directly
     to a part of the free layer to apply a bias magnetic field to the free
     layer, thus biasing a magnetization direction of the free layer so that
     the magnetization direction of the free layer coincides with that of the
     longitudinal bias layer."
"A magnetic head cluster is provided along with a method of making a
     magnetic head cluster. The magnetic head cluster comprises a substrate
     having a plurality of magnetoresistive (MR) read and inductive magnetic
     write transducers and a plurality of terminals formed thereon. A plurality
     of lapping guides are also provided on the substrate between adjacent
     transducers."
"A sensitivity distribution is estimated for a multicoil used in multicoil
     fast imaging. Initial sensitivity maps M1 to M3 are produced respectively
     from images C1 to C3 acquired from the plurality of RF coils in the
     multicoil. By fitting TPS (thin-plate splines) to the initial sensitivity
     maps M1 to M3 used as target data, sensitivity maps M1' to M3' for
     unfolding are estimated. In fitting the TPS, functions are activated, such
     as automatic arrangement of control points, addition of target points to
     the outside of an image, use of a known model, and fitting to at least
     either absolute value components of MR data or phase components of the MR
     data. Thus, even if only coarse echo data is acquired from the region to
     be imaged, a sensitivity map of each element coil of the multicoil is
     estimated with high precision."
"A magnetic field measuring device useful for measuring a magnetic field
     associated with an electric current, including a bus section connectable
     into the path of the electric current, a first magnetoresistive (MR)
     bridge oriented to be sensitive to the magnetic field of a current in the
     bus section, a second MR bridge oriented to be substantially insensitive
     to the magnetic field of a current in the bus section, a biasing coil
     configured and positioned to apply a magnetic field to the first and
     second MR bridges, whereby the sensitivity of the first MR bridge can be
     controlled; and a signal processing device responsive to a voltage output
     of the second MR bridge to control the current through the biasing coil.
     The device exhibits good rejection of stray magnetic and electric fields,
     is convenient to use, and can be fabricated in a single chip, with or
     without associated signal processing and conditioning circuitry, using
     conventional IC processing techniques."
"An information storage portion which stores tuning information is
     constituted by a plurality of magnetic elements & latch circuits. Each of
     the magnetic elements & latch circuits has two magneto-resistive effect
     elements, and the tuning information is stored in these elements.
     Complementary data are stored in the two magneto-resistive effect
     elements. After turning on a power supply, a power-on detection circuit
     outputs a transfer signal and a latch signal. When the transfer signal
     becomes ""H"", the tuning information is transferred to the latch circuit.
     When the latch signal becomes ""H"", the tuning information is latched to
     the latch circuit and supplied to the internal circuit."
"Magnetoresistive elements as memory cells are two-dimensionally arranged.
     To write data in magnetoresistive elements, selected memory cells are
     subjected to current magnetic fields generated by a current in a row
     direction and current magnetic fields generated by a current in a column
     direction. A setting circuit holds set values used to set a write current,
     in order to vary the magnitudes of magnetic field in the row and column
     direction between a write test mode period and a normal operation period.
     In the write test mode, the value of a write current flowing through write
     interconnects is set on the basis of the set values held in the setting
     circuit."
"A current-perpendicular-to-the plane magnetoresistive sensor with a
     self-pinned in-stack longitudinal bias structure is provided comprising a
     ferromagnetic bias layer formed of material having a negative
     magnetostriction coefficient and a spacer layer for antiparallel coupling
     to a free layer. The negative magnetostriction of the bias layer interacts
     with the lapping-induced stress anisotropy of the sensor stack to provide
     strong pinning of the magnetization of the bias layer in a direction
     parallel to the ABS and antiparallel to the direction of the magnetization
     of the free layer. Magnetostatic coupling of the bias layer magnetization
     with the free layer provides a longitudinal bias field to stabilize the
     free layer magnetization."
"A magnetic reading head is provided. The magnetic reading head reads
     information recorded on a recording medium having a soft underlayer and a
     magnetic layer stacked on the soft underlayer, and includes a
     magneto-resistive element and a pair of shield layers. The
     magneto-resistive element is positioned over the magnetic layer, keeping a
     predetermined distance G from the soft underlayer. The pair of shield
     layers are arranged parallel to the magneto-resistive element, keeping
     predetermined distances from both sides of the magneto-resistive element.
     Here, the shield layers have widths less than double of the predetermined
     distance G. In this structure, by properly adjusting the widths of the
     shield layers, magnetic fields formed by the magnetization of the
     recording medium under the shield layers do not affect the
     magnetoresistive element. As a result, sensitivity of the magnetic reading
     head can be improved."
"Provided are a thin film magnetic head and a method of manufacturing the
     same, which can prevent an output decrease without impairment of
     productivity and other characteristics, while adapting to an increase in a
     recording density. In the thin film magnetic head, an MR film is
     sandwiched in between first and second gap films having electrical
     insulating properties, which are sandwiched in between first and second
     shield layers. The first shield layer has an inner layer and an outer
     layer laminated in order from the MR film, and the second shield layer has
     an inner layer and an outer layer laminated in order from the MR film. The
     respective inner layers of the first and second shield layers have
     hardness higher than that of the respective outer layers thereof so as to
     prevent the first and second shield layers from deforming."
"A bias circuit for a magneto-resistive head having a bias current output
     circuit for flowing a bias current through a magneto-resistive head, and a
     feedback circuit for controlling the bias current from a bias current
     output circuit by detecting voltage variation across the magneto-resistive
     head so that a voltage across the magneto-resistive head becomes a
     predetermined value. The bias current output circuit comprises a
     regulating circuit for regulating an operation of the bias current output
     circuit in the bias current output circuit, a control circuit for
     controlling the regulating circuit to be in a predetermined condition, and
     a switching circuit for switching a read/write condition for activating
     the control circuit for the regulating circuit in a non-read condition of
     the magneto-resistive head. The regulating circuit includes an oscillation
     suppressing capacitor; and the control circuit for the regulating circuit
     is a charging circuit for the oscillation suppressing capacitor."
"A magnetic resonance imaging system performing various types of imaging
     that involves movement of a patient's couch. The system has a patient's
     couch having a tabletop movable in a predetermined direction passing
     through a static magnetic field as well as reception multiple RF coils
     consisting of for example a plurality of coil groups. The tabletop is
     automatically moved in its longitudinal direction in accordance with a
     length of each coil group in the predetermined direction. At each moved
     position, scanning is performed on a given pulse sequence. An echo signal
     is received through the multiple RF coils, then switched over by an input
     switchover unit to be sent to a receiving-system circuit. The echo signal
     is subjected to given processing in this circuit so that it is converted
     to echo data. The echo data are produced into an MR image by a host
     computer."
"A magnetic memory device includes an SOI substrate having a first
     semiconductor layer, a first insulating film formed on the first
     semiconductor layer, and a second semiconductor layer formed on the first
     insulating film, an element isolation insulating film formed selectively
     in the second semiconductor layer extending from a surface of the second
     semiconductor layer with a depth reaching the first insulating film, a
     switching element formed in the second semiconductor layer, a
     magneto-resistive element connected to the switching element, a first
     wiring extending in a first direction at a distance below the
     magneto-resistive element, and a second wiring formed on the
     magneto-resistive element and extending in a second direction different
     from the first direction."
"The present invention provides a method of manufacturing a magnetoresistive
     read head which reduces electrostatic discharge and allows measurement of
     gap resistances in the head."
"There is described method and apparatus for supporting a patient's body in
     a MR scanner, including supporting it to rotate about its longitudinal
     axis and cant about a point on the longitudinal axis. Also provided are
     method and apparatus for supporting a patient's head and neck and using a
     surgical head-holder. Yet another embodiment of the invention provides
     method and apparatus for attaching first and second stirrups to a member
     supporting the patient. According to yet another embodiment, the invention
     provides for keeping two or more different members for supporting a
     patient's body during a medical procedure conducted in conjunction with an
     MR scanner, wherein each member is adapted to be detachably inserted into
     a bore of the MR scanner, and wherein each member provides for a different
     patient support functionality, selecting one of the different members for
     use in a medical procedure, positioning a patient's body on the selected
     member, and engaging the member with the MR scanner such that the member
     is disposed at least in part in a bore of the scanner."
"In a magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM), a magnetic tunnel
     junction (MTJ) (54) cell is stacked with an asymmetric tunnel device (56).
     This device, when used in a crosspoint MRAM array, improves the sensing of
     the state or resistance of the MTJ cells. Each MTJ cell has at least two
     ferromagnetic layers (42, 46) separated by an insulator (44). The
     asymmetric tunnel device (56) is electrically connected in series with the
     MTJ cell and is formed by at least two conductive layers (48, 52)
     separated by an insulator (50). The asymmetric tunnel device may be a MIM
     (56), MIMIM (80) or a MIIM (70). Asymmetry results from conducting
     electrons in a forward biased direction at a significantly greater rate
     than in a reversed biased direction. Materials chosen for the asymmetric
     tunnel device are selected to obtain an appropriate electron tunneling
     barrier shape to obtain the desired rectifying current/voltage
     characteristic."
"A tunnel magnetoresistive effective element has a ferromagnetic tunnel
     effective film with a free layer, a pinned layer and a tunnel barrier
     layer sandwiched between the free layer and the pinned layer, a magnetic
     bias means, a first conductive layer, and a second conductive layer. The
     magnetic bias means apply a bias magnetic field to the free layer of the
     ferromagnetic tunnel effective film. The first conductive layer and the
     second conductive layer generate magnetic fields having the same direction
     as that of the bias magnetic field through a sense current therein to
     reinforce the bias magnetic field."
"A lifecycle analyzer includes a heating element for heating a plurality of
     magnetoresistive (MR) elements, which maybe, e.g., in bar form. At one
     location the MR elements are in contact with a stress probe card for
     applying a bias voltage or current stress. The MR elements are moved to a
     separate location, where there is a test probe card and magnetic field
     generator for testing the MR elements after being stressed. In one
     embodiment, a subset of the plurality of MR elements is tested at a time.
     The lifecycle analyzer includes an in-situ abrasive element that is used
     to abrade the probe pins of the stress probe card to remove oxidation that
     results from extended contact with the heated MR elements."
"A magnetic head that includes a magnetoresistive effect read head element
     is tested by applying a varying magnetic field and measuring the resulting
     output signals from the read head element. The output signals are
     digitized and a processor calculates, e.g., the root mean square (RMS) of
     the signals or performs a Fast Fourier Transform or Autocorrelation on the
     data to determine if there is noise present. If desired, write and delay
     events may be performed prior to digitizing the output signals from the
     read head element to determine if additional noise, which is introduced to
     the magnetoresistive head from the write element, is present. In one
     embodiment, the digitizer may be replaced with an RMS meter."
"Memory cell arrangement having a memory cell array which has at least one
     layer of magnetoresistive memory components (11) which are each connected
     to first contact-making lines (10), the first contact-making lines (10)
     lying within a first dielectric layer (6), and are each connected to
     second contact-making lines (20; 29; 35), the second contact-making lines
     (20; 29; 35) lying within a second dielectric layer (17; 27; 32)."
"The present invention provides a method for producing a magnetoresistive
     element including a tunnel insulating layer, and a first magnetic layer
     and a second magnetic layer that are laminated so as to sandwich the
     tunnel insulating layer, wherein a resistance value varies depending on a
     relative angle between magnetization directions of the first magnetic
     layer and the second magnetic layer. The method includes the steps of: (i)
     laminating a first magnetic layer, a third magnetic layer and an Al layer
     successively on a substrate; (ii) forming a tunnel insulating layer
     containing at least one compound selected from the group consisting of an
     oxide, nitride and oxynitride of Al by performing at least one reaction
     selected from the group consisting of oxidation, nitriding and
     oxynitriding of the Al layer; and (iii) forming a laminate including the
     first magnetic layer, the tunnel insulating layer and a second magnetic
     layer by laminating the second magnetic layer in such a manner that the
     tunnel insulating layer is sandwiched by the first magnetic layer and the
     second magnetic layer. The third magnetic layer has at least one crystal
     structure selected from the group consisting of a face-centered cubic
     crystal structure and a face-centered tetragonal crystal structure and is
     (111) oriented parallel to a film plane of the third magnetic layer.
     According to this production method, it is possible to produce a
     magnetoresistive element with excellent properties and thermal stability."
"When a head passes over a track with a projected item in a seek operation,
     the CPU delays a seek start time to conduct the seek by changing a period
     of time from a seek start position to a position of the track with a
     projected item. Or, the CPU conducts seek control by changing a speed
     table. Or, the CPU changes a sequence of items of a tag queue to obtain a
     seek locus not passing the projected item. By the control operation, a
     seek error due to thermal asperity is prevented and the head is not
     damaged. This also prevents appearance of a new projected item produced by
     contact between the magneto-resistive head and the projected item on the
     recording medium."
"The invention relates to a method of reading of magnetic information. In an
     example embodiment, a read head includes a magneto-resistive rod polarized
     with an electrical signal. The magneto-resistive rod supplies a data
     signal whose variations are representative of magnetic-field variations to
     which the read head is exposed. Included in the embodiment, there is a
     compression of the data signal triggered when a thermal asperity is
     detected."
"An encoder (10) for a nanopostioner (24) includes a strip of magnetic bits
     (18) for producing discrete magnetic fields and a giant magnetoresistor
     (GMR) (14) which changes in electrical resistance in response to changes
     in the magnetic fields. The GMR (14) is connected to a mass (12) which
     moves along a path proximate to the strip of magnetic bits (18). A voltage
     sensor (20) is connected to the GMR (14) to produce digital signals based
     on the changes in electrical resistance of the GMR (14). A processor (22)
     calculates the position of the nanopositioner (24) based on the digital
     signals."
"This invention relates to a method and system for finite element modeling
     of enhanced magnetoresistance in thin film semiconductors containing at
     least one metallic inclusion therein. The method and system utilizes
     finite element analysis techniques as a function of the applied magnetic
     field and the geometry of the device for comparing the device
     characteristics with predetermined qualities and modifying the device to
     achieve a correlation between the device characteristics and the
     predetermined qualities."
"To provide a spin-valve type magnetic head having high read output even if
     track width is narrow and high stability, a magnetic head according to the
     invention is provided with a spin-valve type magnetoresistive element in
     which a single magnetic domain turning ferromagnetic layer is formed on a
     soft magnetic free layer via a non-magnetic separating layer, the soft
     magnetic free layer and the single magnetic domain turning ferromagnetic
     layer are magnetostatically coupled at the end of track width, a closed
     magnetic circuit is formed and the soft magnetic layer has magnetization
     substantially induced in a direction substantially perpendicular to an
     external magnetic field."
"A magnetoresistance effect element includes a first ferromagnetic layer,
     insulating layer overlying the first ferromagnetic layer, and second
     ferromagnetic layer overlying the insulating layer. The insulating layer
     has formed a through hole having an opening width not larger than 20 nm,
     and the first and second ferromagnetic layers are connected to each other
     via the through hole."
"There is provided a practical magnetoresistance effect element which has an
     appropriate value of resistance, which can be sensitized and which has a
     small number of magnetic layers to be controlled, and a magnetic head and
     magnetic recording and/or reproducing system using the same. In a
     magnetoresistance effect element wherein a sense current is caused to flow
     in a direction perpendicular to the plane of the film, a resistance
     regulating layer is provided in at least one of a pinned layer, a free
     layer and an non-magnetic intermediate layer. The resistance regulating
     layer contains, as a principal component, an oxide, a nitride, a fluoride,
     a carbide or a boride. The resistance regulating layer may be a continuous
     film or may have pin holes. Thus, it is possible to provide a practical
     magnetoresistance effect element which has an appropriate value of
     resistance, which can be sensitized and which has a small number of
     magnetic layers, while effectively utilizing the scattering effect
     depending on spin."
"A polyester film comprising a coating layer which comprises organic fine
     particles and organic compounds on one-side surface of the polyester film,
     the weight ratio of the organic fine particles to the organic compounds in
     the coating is 1:0.2 to 1:5.0, the diameters of surface protrusions on the
     coating surface are 20 to 60 nm, the number of surface protrusions on the
     surface of the coating layer is 3 million to 100 million per square
     millimeter, and the surface roughness Ra of the coating surface is 0.5 to
     1.9 nm, is suitable as a base film of a recording medium having excellent
     image quality and excellent durability without shaving an MR head."
"A magnetoresistive read head has read head layers that are shaped to form
     an air bearing surface and a sensor stripe cavity with an open side at the
     air bearing surface. A sensor stripe is deposited in the sensor stripe
     cavity. The sensor stripe has a front surface that is set back from the
     air bearing surface to define an encapsulation cavity extending from the
     front surface to the air bearing surface. An encapsulation layer is
     deposited in the encapsulation cavity. The encapsulation layer
     encapsulates the front surface."
"A memory cell module comprises a memory cell array formed by memory cells
     of M columns.times.N rows. Each memory cell includes a magnetoresistive
     element or a magnetresistive element with a semiconductor element. A
     memory module comprises a first access means to access the memory cell
     array by a column direction and a second access means to access the memory
     cell array by a row direction. In this manner, data is read from a
     magnetoresistive memory module in both row and column directions."
"A three terminal magnetoresistance head capable of providing a high output
     and a large output current is provided. A MIS junction multilayer film
     composed of a magnetic semiconductor, a metal magnetic multilayer film,
     and a tunnel magnetoresistance element is applied to a three terminal
     magnetoresistance device."
"A magneto-resistance effect head is provided with a lower conductive layer
     which is provided with a recessed portion, and a vertical bias layer is
     provided in the recessed portion. A free layer is provided on the lower
     conductive layer. On the free layer, layered in the following order are
     the non-magnetic layer, the fixed layer, the fixing layer, and the upper
     layer so as not to be placed inmediately above the vertical bias layer.
     The non-magnetic layer, the fixed layer, the fixing layer, and the upper
     layer are buried in an insulation layer. Furthermore, an upper conductive
     layer is provided on the upper layer and the insulation layer. In the
     direction of the magnetic field applied by the vertical bias layer, the
     free layer is made greater in length than the fixed layer and the free
     layer is disposed in proximity to the vertical bias layer with the
     distance between the fixed layer and the vertical bias layer remaining
     unchanged."
"Magnetoresistive (MR) sensors are disclosed that have leads that overlap a
     MR structure and distribute current to and from the MR structure so that
     the current is not concentrated in small portions of the leads,
     alleviating the problems mentioned above. For example, the leads can be
     formed of a body-centered cubic (bcc) form of tantalum, combined with gold
     or other highly conductive materials. For the situation in which a thicker
     bcc tantalum layer covers a highly conductive gold layer, the tantalum
     layer protects the gold layer during MR structure etching, so that the
     leads can have broad layers of electrically conductive material for
     connection to MR structures. The broad leads also conduct heat better than
     the read gap material that they replace, further reducing the temperature
     at the connection between the leads and the MR structure."
"A process for planarizing a patterned metal structure for a magnetic thin
     film head includes the steps of applying an encapsulation/planarizing
     material on a substrate, spinning the substrate in a photoresist spinner
     or similar machine, curing the encapsulation/planarizing layer by
     energetic particles such as an electron beam. The planarizing process
     further comprises the step of polishing the entire structure using a
     conventional chemical-mechanical polishing step. The curing step takes
     place at the substrate temperature less than 200.degree. C., which
     prevents the damages of the thin film head structures such as MR and GMR
     sensors. This process is cheap, efficient and easy to apply."
"A method for burnishing a slider in a disk drive in which the disk is
     rotated in the opposite or reverse direction from that used to develop the
     air-bearing and to read and write data is described. Rotating the disk in
     the reverse direction results in no air-bearing being formed and the
     slider being in contact with the disk surface. The burnishing removes
     material over the magnetic transducers in the slider which separate the
     transducers from the disk resulting in greater sensitivity. Optionally the
     stopping point for burnishing can be determined by monitoring measurable
     parameters such as the change in the MR resistance (MRR), i.e.,
     .DELTA.MRR/MRR until a selected range is achieved. The invention can be
     used to remove an overcoat from the air-bearing surface of the slider,
     remove protruding areas from the slider and to remove debris from the disk
     surface."
"Method of accurately measuring various kinds of non-linear transition
     shifts (NLTSs) in the magnetic recording/reproduction using an MR-type
     reproducing head is provided.
According to the method, the data of a reference bit-string pattern are
     sent, as reference signals, to a magnetic disk 2 via a head IC 5 and a
     magnetic head 3 so as to be magnetically recorded. A first predetermined
     harmonic component Vnref is measured from the reproduced signals of the
     record data detected by the magnetic head 3, a bit-string pattern is
     selected from plural kinds of predetermined bit-string patterns, the data
     of the selected bit-string pattern are sent, as to-be-measured signals, to
     the magnetic disk 2, a second predetermined harmonic component Vnpat is
     measured from the reproduced signals, and the NLTS is calculated from
     Vnref and Vnpat."
"System and method for view navigation and magnification of the display of
     hand-held devices in response to the orientation changes along only two
     axes of rotation as measured by sensors inside the devices. The view
     navigation system is engaged and controlled by a single hand which
     simultaneously presses two ergonomically designed switches on both sides
     of the hand-held device. In other embodiments, the system engaged into the
     view navigation mode in response to an operator command in the form of a
     finger tap, or a voice command, or predefined user gestures. The response
     curve of the view navigation to sensed changes in orientation is
     dynamically changing to allow coarse and fine navigation of the view.
     Various methods are described to terminate the view navigation mode and
     fix the display at the desired view. Miniature sensors like
     accelerometers, tilt sensors, or magneto-resistive direction sensors sense
     the orientation changes. The system can be added to an existing hand-held
     device via an application interface of the device."
"The present invention provides for a method for using a silicon dioxide
     (SiO.sub.2) material that is equally effective in improving magnetic field
     homogeneity during MR imaging. The present invention further provides for
     using silicon dioxide in its granular state. The granular silicon dioxide
     can then be poured inside a flexible container and the flexible container
     can be formed to fit any contour of the body."
"The invention relates to a method to regulate and/or calibrate a mixing
     valve, in particular in a cooling circuit of an internal combustion
     engine, with which a volume flow can be separated into two partial flows
     as a function of controlled quantity, whereby the separating ratio of the
     mixing valve is determined by comparing a target quantity with an actual
     measured quantity. It is planned that a correction value that is computed
     during operation is taken into consideration in calculating the separating
     ratio or mixing ratio (MR). In addition, the invention relates to a
     corresponding regulating device to regulate and/or calibrate a mixing
     valve. In this case, it is planned that a correction value that is
     computed during operation can be taken into consideration in calculating
     the separating ratio."
"Disclosed is an apparatus for detecting steering angle in vehicle, such
     that the size of the apparatus for detecting steering angle in vehicle
     using gears and magneto resistive sensors, could be reduced. An apparatus
     for detecting steering angle in vehicle including: a shaft gear axially
     combined to a steering shaft of a vehicle; a first detecting gear joined,
     with a first gear ratio, to the shaft gear in a tooth combining manner; a
     second detecting gear joined, with a second gear ratio, to the shaft gear
     in a tooth combining manner; a first permanent magnet installed on an axis
     of the first detecting gear, for generating rotational magnetic field; a
     first magneto resistive sensor closely installed on an upper portion of
     the first permanent magnet, for detecting rotational angle of the
     rotational magnetic field; a second permanent magnet installed on an axis
     of the second detecting gear, for generating rotational magnetic field; a
     second magneto resistive sensor closely installed on an upper portion of
     the second permanent magnet, for detecting rotational angle of the
     rotational magnetic field; and a computing/controlling means for computing
     rotational direction and angle of the steering shaft by processing
     detected signals provided from the first and the second magneto resistive
     sensors using a predetermined program, the apparatus is configured such
     that: the shaft gear is a multi-level gear having an upper level gear and
     a lower level gear; the first and the second detecting gears are joined to
     the upper level gear and the lower level gear in a tooth combining manner
     so that the first and the second detecting gears are partially overlapped;
     and a gap maintaining member for equally maintaining a gap between the
     second permanent magnet and the second magneto resistive sensor as much as
     a gap between the first permanent magnet and the first magneto resistive
     sensor, is further included."
"A transducing head has a magnetoresistive sensor, a first bias element, and
     a second bias element. The magnetoresistive sensor is positioned between
     the first and second bias elements, and has a sensor width. The first bias
     element has a first length and the second bias element has a second
     length. The direction of the first and second lengths are substantially
     similar to the direction of the sensor width. The first and second lengths
     in the range of about one-tenth to about twenty times the sensor width."
"An extraordinary magnetoresistance (EMR) magnetic head is provided
     including a first shield and a second shield defining a gap adapted for
     being positioned over a magnetic recording disk. An EMR sensor is
     positioned between the first shield and the second shield. In order to
     ensure proper operation of the EMR sensor, a plane in which the EMR sensor
     is positioned is perpendicular to magnetic flux associated with the
     magnetic recording disk."
"An exchange-coupled magnetic structure of a cobalt-ferrite layer adjacent a
     magnetic metal layer is used in magnetorestive sensors, such as spin
     valves or tunnel junction valves. The exchange-coupled magnetic structure
     is used in a pinning structure pinning the magnetization of a
     ferromagnetic pinned layer, or in an AP pinned layer. A low coercivity
     ferrite may be used in an AP free layer. Cobalt-ferrite layers may be
     formed by co-sputtering of Co and Fe in an oxygen/argon gas mixture, or by
     sputtering of a CoFe.sub.2 composition target in an oxygen/argon gas
     mixture. Alternatively, the cobalt-ferrite layer may be formed by
     evaporation of Co and Fe from an alloy source or separate sources along
     with a flux of oxygen atoms from a RF oxygen atom beam source.
     Magnetoresistive sensors including cobalt-ferrite layers have small read
     gaps and produce large signals with high efficiency."
"A magnetoresistive device includes a laminated film, and a mechanism for
     applying sense current in a direction of lamination in the laminated film,
     wherein the laminated film includes a first ferromagnetic layer having a
     substantially fixed direction of magnetization, a second ferromagnetic
     layer having a freely variable direction of magnetization according to an
     external magnetic field, the second ferromagnetic layer including a
     non-magnetic metal layer, and two or more ferromagnetic metal layers
     separated from each other by the non-magnetic metal layer in the direction
     of lamination, and a non-magnetic intermediate layer that separates the
     first and second ferromagnetic layer from each other."
"A read head comprises an MR element, two bias field applying layers, and
     two conductive layers. The two bias field applying layers are adjacent to
     both side portions of the MR element, and apply a bias magnetic field to
     the MR element along the longitudinal direction. The two conductive layers
     feed a sense current to the MR element, each of the conductive layers
     being disposed to be adjacent to one of surfaces of each of the bias field
     applying layers and to overlap one of surfaces of the MR element. The
     conductive layers are each made of a gold alloy having a resistivity of
     less than 22 .mu..OMEGA..multidot.cm and a hardness as high as or higher
     than the hardness of a material used for making the bias field applying
     layers."
"A differential current-perpendicular-to-the-plane (CPP) giant
     magnetoresistive (GMR) sensor is provided having nonmagnetic high
     conductivity leads to achieve low lead resistance. The differential CPP
     GMR sensor comprises a first spin valve (SV) sensor, a second SV sensor
     and a metal gap layer disposed between the first and the second SV
     sensors. Because of the differential operation of the CPP GMR sensor of
     this invention, there is no need for shield layers to screen the sensor
     from stray magnetic fields. The shield layers are replaced with thick
     nonmagnetic lead layers having high conductivity to reduce the lead
     resistance of the sensor. Suitable materials for forming the leads include
     tungsten (W), gold (Au), rhodium (Rh), copper (Cu) and tantalum (Ta)
     because of their conductivity properties and because they are robust with
     respect to corrosion and smearing."
"Embodiments of the invention include magnetoresistive memory cells having
     magnetic focusing spacers are formed on sidewalls thereof. Therefore,
     magnetic fields generated by a bit line and a digit line are focused by
     the magnetic focusing spacers and efficiently transferred to the
     magnetoresistive memory cell. In addition, an interlayer dielectric layer
     surrounding the magnetoresistive memory cell may be formed of high
     permeability material, thereby efficiently transferring magnetic field."
"In accordance with one or more embodiments of the present invention, a
     technique fabricating a magnetoresistive memory device, where the
     magnetoresistive memory device has a magnetic memory element and a
     plurality of conductors for at least one of reading and writing the
     magnetic memory element. The plurality of conductors include a first
     conductor at least partially located at a first side of the magnetic
     memory element for reading the magnetic memory element, a second conductor
     at least partially located at a second side of the magnetic memory element
     for reading the magnetic memory element, a third conductor at least
     partially located at the second side of the magnetic memory element for
     writing the magnetic memory element, and a fourth conductor at least
     partially located at the first side of the magnetic memory element for
     writing the magnetic memory element. The first conductor is formed before
     the fourth conductor."
"A magnetic recording medium having good corrosion resistance,
     electromagnetic conversion characteristics and storability is obtained. In
     a magnetic recording medium including a foundation layer and a magnetic
     layer having a thickness of 55 nm or less, which is formed by a vacuum
     thin film forming technique, on one principal surface of an elongate
     non-magnetic substrate, the foundation layer is made of a silicon nitride
     film having a thickness of 2 nm to 50 nm. A magneto-resistive magnetic
     head or a giant magneto-resistive magnetic head is slid on the magnetic
     recording medium so as to record and reproduce signals."
"A horizontal combined head is provided which has both a thin film write and
     an MR read element located at an air bearing surface (ABS). The read
     element can be formed with a track width that is independent of the track
     width of the write element. The MR sensor or the read element is separated
     from one of the first and second pole pieces of the write element by an
     insulation layer. Accordingly, the shields for the read element remain
     more stable after a write operation. In one embodiment of the present
     invention a single stripe MR sensor is employed while in a second
     embodiment a dual stripe MR sensor is employed. A method of the invention
     includes forming the dual MR stripe in a single process step so that the
     dual MR stripes of the dual MR sensor are near identical for implementing
     near absolute common mode rejection of noise."
"The present invention is a tunneling magnetoresistive (TMR) stack
     configured to operate in a current-perpendicular-to-plane (CPP) mode,
     wherein a sense current flows substantially perpendicular to a
     longitudinal plane of the barrier layer. The TMR stack has a plurality of
     layers including a barrier layer. The barrier layer may made of titanium
     and may be oxidized with an aggressive oxidation method, such as with UV
     illumination, for a predetermined time period. The barrier layer may be
     formed on a first ferromagnetic layer before oxidation, and then a second
     ferromagnetic layer may be formed on the oxidized barrier layer. The TMR
     stack exhibits an increased magnetoresistive (MR) ratio, a lower RA
     product, a higher breakdown voltage of the TMR stack, and greater thermal
     stability."
"A method is provided for preserving the transverse biasing of a GMR (or MR)
     read head during back-end processing. In a first preferred embodiment, the
     method comprises magnetizing the longitudinal biasing layers of the read
     head in a transverse direction, so that the resulting field at the
     position of the transverse biasing layer places it in a minimum of
     potential energy which stabilizes its direction. The field of the
     longitudinal biasing layer is then reset to the longitudinal direction in
     a manner which maintains the transverse biasing direction. In a second
     embodiment, a novel fixture for mounting the read head during processing
     includes a magnetic portion which stabilizes the transverse bias of the
     read head. The two methods may be used singly or in combination."
"A magnetic head including a flux closure layer that functions with a
     magnetic shield layer to reduce the flow of magnetic flux from the edge of
     the magnetic shield to an MR sensor element of the magnetic head. The flux
     closure layer is disposed adjacent to the magnetic shield to prevent
     magnetic flux leakage from the edges of the magnetic shield from flowing
     to the MR sensor element and create unwanted signal noise."
"The fixed layers of all magnetoresistive elements that are formed on the
     same substrate are magnetized in the same direction. Chips including
     magnetoresistive elements are cut out individually from the substrate. A
     magnetic sensor is assembled by combining cut-out chips together with
     consideration given to the magnetization directions of the fixed layers of
     the magnetoresistive elements in the chips. In this manner, the fixed
     layers of the magnetoresistive elements are magnetized by a sufficiently
     strong magnetic field for magnetization, whereby an output signal having a
     large absolute value is obtained from the magnetoresistive elements."
"Provided are a magnetic transducer having good thermal stability, a thin
     film magnetic head, a method of manufacturing a magnetic transducer and a
     method of manufacturing a thin film magnetic head. A stack of an MR
     element has a stacked structure comprising an underlayer, a first soft
     magnetic layer, a second soft magnetic layer, a nonmagnetic layer, a
     ferromagnetic layer, an antiferromagnetic layer and a capping layer, which
     are stacked in this order on the underlayer. The ferromagnetic layer is
     divided into a bottom layer and a top layer in the direction of stack. A
     ferromagnetic interlayer having magnetism and having higher electrical
     resistance than the electrical resistance of the ferromagnetic layer is
     formed between the bottom layer and the top layer. The ferromagnetic
     interlayer magnetically integrates the bottom layer with the top layer and
     limits a path for electrons moving through the stack, thereby improving
     the rate of resistance change. Furthermore, the ferromagnetic interlayer
     contains, as an additive, at least one element in a group consisting of
     Mn, Cr, Ni, Cu, Rh, Ir and Pt and thus prevents heat deterioration in the
     stack."
"In fabricating the magnetic head, a first magnetic shield layer (S1) is
     fabricated upon a substrate base, followed by a thin first insulation
     layer (G1). A photoresist mask is fabricated upon the G1 layer and
     electrical lead recesses are milled through the G1 layer and into the S1
     layer. An insulation layer is deposited into the electrical lead recesses,
     followed by the fabrication of electrical leads within the recesses. The
     photoresist is removed and a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor is subsequently
     fabricated on top of the G1 layer, such that portions of the MR sensor are
     fabricated on top of portions of the electrical leads. Hard bias elements
     are then fabricated at outboard edges of the MR sensor. A thin second
     insulation layer (G2) is fabricated on top of the MR sensor and hard bias
     elements, and a second magnetic shield layer (S2) is fabricated on top of
     the G2 layer."
"In the thin-film magnetic head of the present invention, the distance to a
     heat-generating layer is shorter from the end part on the side facing, a
     recording medium in a magnetoresistive device than from the end part on
     the side facing the recording medium in an electromagnetic transducer.
     Therefore, even when the thin-film magnetic head tilts so that its
     electromagnetic transducer side approaches the recording medium when
     floating up from the recording medium, the amount of thermal expansion
     caused by the heat from the heat-generating layer is greater in the
     magnetoresistive device than in the electromagnetic transducer. This
     reduces the gap between the magnetoresistive device and the recording
     medium, whereby a high reproducing output can be obtained."
"During manufacture, a magnetoresistive sensor having a ferromagnetic free
     layer is commonly provided with a tantalum cap layer. The tantalum cap
     layer provides protection to the sensor during manufacture and then is
     typically removed after performing annealing. The removal of the tantalum
     cap with a fluorine reactive ion etch leaves low volatility
     tantalum/fluorine byproducts. The present invention provides a method of
     using an argon/hydrogen reactive ion etch to remove the tantalum/fluorine
     byproducts. The resulting sensor has far less damage resulting from the
     presence of the fluorine byproducts."
"A magnetoresistive head which has a high low resistance and a high MR ratio
     at room temperature and a S/N ratio that does not decrease sharply upon
     application of a bias voltage. The magnetoresistive head comprises a soft
     magnetic free layer, a non-magnetic insulating layer, and a ferromagnetic
     pinned layer. The ferromagnetic pinned layer may have a spin valve layer
     whose magnetization is fixed with respect to the magnetic field to be
     detected, and the soft magnetic free layer permits its magnetization to
     rotate in response to an external magnetic field, thereby changing the
     relative angle with the magnetization of said ferromagnetic pinned layer
     and producing the magnetoresistive effect. The absolute value of the
     magnetoresistive effect has a peak at a temperature in the range from
     about 0.degree. C. to 60.degree. C. and for a bias voltage Vs (applied
     across said ferromagnetic pinned layer and said soft magnetic free layer)
     in the range from +0.2 to +0.8 V and from -0.8 to -0.2 V. The above
     characteristics may be achieved if the ferromagnetic pinned layer is
     formed from Fe.sub.3 O.sub.4 or at least one oxide or compound of Cr and
     Mn; the non-magnetic insulating layer is formed from at least one oxide of
     Sr, Ti, and Ta; or the soft magnetic free layer is a CoFe alloy containing
     70-100 atom % of Co, the ferromagnetic pinned layer is a CoFe alloy
     containing 0-70 atom % of Co, and the non-magnetic insulating layer is
     formed from at least one oxide of Sr, Ti, and Ta."
"A magnetoresistive element includes a pair of ferromagnetic layers and a
     non-magnetic layer arranged between the ferromagnetic layers. At least one
     of the ferromagnetic layers has a composition expressed by (M.sub.x
     L.sub.y).sub.100-z R.sub.z at the interface with the non-magnetic layer.
     The non-magnetic layer includes at least one element selected from the
     group consisting of B, C, N, O, and P. Here, M is Fe.sub.a Co.sub.b
     Ni.sub.c, L is at least one element selected from the group consisting of
     Pt, Pd, Ir, and Rh, R is an element that has a lower free energy to form a
     compound with the element of the non-magnetic layer that is at least one
     selected from the group consisting of B, C, N, O, and P than does any
     other element included in the composition as M or L, and a, b, c, x, y,
     and z satisfy a+b+c=100, a.gtoreq.30, x+y=100, 0&lt;y.ltoreq.35, and
     0.1.ltoreq.z.ltoreq.20. This element can provide a high MR ratio. A method
     for manufacturing a magnetoresistive element includes a first heat
     treatment process at 200.degree. C. to 330.degree. C. for not less than
     one hour and a second heat treatment process at not less than 340.degree.
     C. performed after the first heat treatment process."
"A magneto-resistive device has a high reproducing output and is suitable
     for use as a CPP-GMR device. The magneto-resistive device has a first
     magnetic layer, a second magnetic layer, and a non-magnetic spacer formed
     between the first and second magnetic layers. The first magnetic layer
     contains a magnetic material whose conduction electrons belong to a first
     energy band, and the second magnetic layer contains a magnetic material
     whose conduction electrons belong to a second energy band. The first and
     second energy bands are attributable to orbitals of the same kind, thereby
     increasing the ratio of change in magnetoresistance and adjusting the
     electric resistance."
"When a testing system is connected to a debug port of a tape drive unit or
     a SCSI bus, a self-checking test for a fabricating process is executed.
     When the testing system is not connected, the self-checking test for
     normal operation is executed. And in a test of a single card, a motor test
     and an MR head resistance test, which are tests of a mechanical structure
     portion, are omitted. In addition, in a box assembling process, the test
     contents are suppressed to a minimum prior to adjustments to the tape
     head. Furthermore, in a test program, the status of a flag or an
     indication corresponding to a test executed in a next step is changed."
"A method and apparatus for producing an image of a region of interest using
     a Magnet Resonance Imaging (MRI) system comprises the steps of acquiring a
     plurality of under-sampled MR data sets from a plurality of radiofrequency
     (RF) coils forming an array and combining the plurality of under-sampled
     MR data sets to produce the image. Each of the RF coils has a non-uniform
     sensitivity."
"In an MRAM, a plurality of magnetic memory cells are arranges in rows and
     columns. Each of the plurality of magnetic memory cells is a
     magnetoresistive element having a tunnel magnetoresistive effect. Each of
     the plurality of magnetic memory cells includes two magnetoresistive
     elements that hold data items of opposite logic levels to each other and
     are connected in series."
"A magnetic logic element comprises a magnetic logic element cell having; a
     first and second magnetic parts; a MR intermediate part provided between
     the first and second magnetic parts. The magnetic logic element further
     includes a magnetization controlling part that controls a relation of
     directions of magnetizations of the first and second magnetic parts in
     accordance with a combination of a first binary input data and a second
     binary input data. A binary output data can be read by detecting a
     magnetoresistance effect of the first and second magnetic parts through
     the MR intermediate part."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read head is disclosed including a lower shield and
     gap layer with an MR sensor located on top of the lower gap layer. The MR
     sensor includes a free layer and a pinned layer. Located on top of the
     lower gap layer is a three-layer hard bias layer for stabilizing the free
     layer of the MR sensor. A pair of lead layers is located on top of the
     hard bias layer and coupled to the MR sensor. Associated therewith is an
     upper gap and shield layer located on top of the lead layers."
"A magnetoresistive head apparatus includes first and second readers. The
     first reader is a magnetoresistive reader. The second reader provides
     electrostatic discharge protection for the first magnetoresistive reader.
     The second reader can be a second magnetoresistive reader having
     substantially the same film structure as the first reader. The second
     reader can also include a phase change thin film, which has high and low
     resistance states that are changeable using a laser."
"A magnetoresistance effect element includes a magnetization fixed layer in
     which the direction of magnetization is substantially fixed to one
     direction, a magnetization free layer in which the direction of
     magnetization varies in response to an external magnetic field, and a
     non-magnetic intermediate layer formed between the magnetization fixed
     layer and the magnetization free layer. The magnetoresistance effect
     element has a resistance varying in response to a relative angle between
     the direction of magnetization in the magnetization fixed layer and the
     direction of magnetization in the magnetization free layer, the resistance
     being detected when a sense current is applied to the film planes of the
     magnetization fixed layer, the non-magnetic intermediate layer, and the
     magnetization free layer in a direction substantially perpendicular
     thereto. The film area of the non-magnetic intermediate layer is smaller
     than the film area of each of the magnetization fixed layer and the
     magnetization free layer, the magnetoresistance effect element has a
     single conductive part with a film area smaller than the film area of each
     of the magnetoresistance effect element, and the magnetoresistance effect
     element is configured such that the sense current flows only through the
     single conductive part."
"A magnetic memory device includes a first interconnection which runs in a
     first direction, a second interconnection which runs in a second direction
     different from the first direction, a magnetoresistive element which is
     arranged at the intersection of and between the first and second
     interconnections, and a metal layer which is connected to the
     magnetoresistive element and has a side surface that partially coincides
     with a side surface of the magnetoresistive element."
"In accordance with a method of producing an MR (MagnetoResistive) device
     including a ferromagnetic tunnel junction made up of a first ferromagnetic
     layer, an insulation layer formed on the first ferromagnetic layer and a
     second ferromagnetic layer formed on the insulation layer, a metal or a
     semiconductor is deposited on the first ferromagnetic layer. The metal or
     the semiconductor is then caused to react to oxygen of a ground level to
     become an oxide layer, which is the oxide of the metal or that of the
     semiconductor. Subsequently, the oxide layer is caused to react to oxygen
     of an excitation level to form the insulation layer. The second
     ferromagnetic layer is formed on the insulation layer."
"A spin-valve type magnetoresistive sensor with a bias structure enabling a
     magnetization direction of a free magnetic layer to be uniformly arranged
     with certainty. The spin-valve type magnetoresistive sensor comprises an
     antiferromagnetic layer; a pinned magnetic layer having a magnetization
     direction made stationary; a nonmagnetic electrically conductive layer
     formed between the pinned magnetic layer and a free magnetic layer; soft
     magnetic layers that are arranged on the free magnetic layer while a
     spacing corresponding to a track width is left between the soft magnetic
     layers and that fill recesses in the free magnetic layer on both sides of
     an area corresponding to the track width; bias layers formed on the soft
     magnetic layers; and electrically conductive layers. The antiferromagnetic
     layer and the bias layers are each made of an alloy containing at least
     one or more elements selected from among Pt, Pd, Rh, Ru, Ir, Os, Au, Ag,
     Cr, Ni, Ne, Ar, Xe and Kr, as well as Mn."
"A magnetoresistance sensor is fabricated using a sensor structure including
     a free layer deposited upon a lower layered structure and depositing an
     oxide structure overlying the free layer. The depositing of the oxide
     structure includes the steps of depositing a buffer layer overlying the
     free layer, wherein the buffer layer is a buffer-layer metal when
     deposited, depositing an overlayer overlying and contacting the buffer
     layer, the overlayer being an overlayer metallic oxide of an overlayer
     metal, and oxidizing the buffer layer to form a buffer layer metallic
     oxide."
"A magnetic random access memory includes a memory cell array having memory
     cells using a magnetoresistive effect, a first functional line which runs
     in a first direction in the memory cell array and is commonly connected
     without an intervening select switch to one terminal of each of the memory
     cells, second functional lines which are arranged in correspondence with
     the memory cells and run in a second direction perpendicular to the first
     direction in the memory cell array, each second functional line being
     connected without an intervening select switch to a corresponding memory
     cell, and a third functional line which is electrically insulated from the
     memory cells and generates a magnetic field to write data in the memory
     cells such that the magnetic field is shared by the memory cells."
"Ferromagnetic semiconductor-based sensor devices, including sensors for
     detecting pressure changes and sensors for detecting magnetic fields, such
     as switching events in a magnetic recording medium. The pressure sensors
     of the present invention detect pressure changes using magnetoresistive
     measurement techniques, and in particular GPHE techniques. Magnetic field
     detection sensors such as magnetic switching detection sensors include
     ferromagnetic semiconductor-based materials that provide enhanced
     sensitivity relative to known materials and techniques. Such magnetic
     switching detection sensors according to the present invention are
     particularly useful as a read head sensor for HDD and other magnetic
     storage technologies."
"One circuit generates a constant positive potential, another circuit
     generates a constant negative potential. The positive potential and the
     negative potential are applied to a magneto-resistive head that reads data
     from and writes data to a magnetic disk. The positive potential is
     generated using a positive voltage source, an operational amplifier, and
     an NMOS transistor. The negative potential is generated using a negative
     voltage source, an operational amplifier, and a PMOS transistor."
"The present invention provides a system and method of removing heat from an
     MR imaging device while maintaining internal and external temperatures
     below maximum operating limits, thereby enabling higher power applications
     for faster imaging with improved image quality as well as, allowing longer
     scan times for interventional procedures. The system includes a vacuum
     chamber housing the gradient coils and a vacuum pump connected thereto to
     regulate the pressure and humidity within the chamber. A heat exchanger,
     coolant pump, and controller are provided to regulate the temperature of
     coolant designed to dissipate heat from the gradient coils in response to
     at least one temperature sensor."
"A magnetic recording medium for use in reproduction with an MR head, which
     comprises: a non-magnetic substrate; a non-magnetic layer including a
     binder resin having dispersed therein a non-magnetic powder on the
     non-magnetic substrate; and a magnetic layer on the non-magnetic layer,
     wherein the magnetic layer is obtained by applying a magnetic coating
     material on the applied, dried and cured non-magnetic layer, the magnetic
     layer includes a metal magnetic powder with a mean major axis length of
     from 0.03 to 0.08 .mu.m, and a saturation magnetization .sigma..sub.s of
     from 100 to 130 Am.sup.2 /kg, and the center line mean roughness Ra of the
     magnetic layer surface is 5 nm or less."
"A spin valve sensor is provided with a negative ferromagnetic coupling
     field -H.sub.FC for properly biasing a free layer and a spin filter layer
     is employed between the free layer and a capping layer for increasing the
     magnetoresistive coefficient dr/R of the spin valve sensor. A top portion
     of the free layer is oxidized for improving the negative ferromagnetic
     coupling field -H.sub.FC when the spin filter layer is employed for
     increasing the magnetoresistive coefficient dr/R."
"A method and apparatus for characterization of a thermal response of giant
     magnetoresistive (GMR) sensors in magnetic read/write heads is provided.
     The method and apparatus make use of a probe to measure temperatures at a
     base and a tip of the probe. With the method and apparatus, a temperature
     of magnetic shields of the read/write head are cooled to a temperature
     lower than an ambient temperature. A current is then applied to the GMR
     sensor to increase a temperature of an air bearing surface such that the
     heat flow through the probe is zero. The amount of current applied, the
     resistance of the GMR sensor, the magnetic shield temperature, and the
     ambient temperature are used to calculate a thermal conductance of
     dielectric material in the read/write head. The thermal conductance is
     then utilized to estimate the signal to noise ratio of the GMR sensor and
     determine a maximum bandwidth of the read/write head."
"A magneto-resistive (MR) sensor is provided including a pinned layer, and a
     free layer disposed above the pinned layer. Also included is a pair of
     leads disposed over portions of the free layer. Further, a pinning layer
     is disposed below the pinned layer. Disposed below the pinning layer is an
     underlayer. For enhanced operation, first portions of the pinned layer
     disposed below the leads have a first pinned layer magnetization parallel
     with a free layer magnetization associated with the free layer in the
     absence of an external field. Further, a second portion of the pinned
     layer has a second pinned layer magnetization perpendicular with the free
     layer magnetization in the absence of the external field."
"A magnetoresistive device includes a magnetization pinned layer, a
     magnetization free layer, a nonmagnetic intermediate layer formed between
     the magnetization pinned layer and the magnetization free layer, and
     electrodes allowing a sense current to flow in a direction substantially
     perpendicular to the plane of the stack including the magnetization pinned
     layer, the nonmagnetic intermediate layer and the magnetization free
     layer. At least one of the magnetization pinned layer and the
     magnetization free layer is substantially formed of a binary or ternary
     alloy represented by the formula Fe.sub.a Co.sub.b Ni.sub.c (where
     a+b+c=100 at %, and a.ltoreq.75 at %, b.ltoreq.75 at %, and c.ltoreq.63 at
     %), or formed of an alloy having a body-centered cubic crystal structure."
"Provided is a particulate magnetic recording medium having good durability
     and a high C/N ratio in high-density magnetic recording (particularly when
     employing an MR head for reproduction). A magnetic recording medium which
     comprises a lower layer comprising a nonmagnetic powder and a binder and a
     magnetic layer comprising a ferromagnetic powder, an abrasive and a binder
     provided in this order on a nonmagnetic flexible support. The magnetic
     layer has a mean thickness d ranging from 0.01 to 0.1 .mu.m, the
     ferromagnetic powder contained in the magnetic layer is an acicular
     ferromagnetic alloy powder having the mean major axis length equal to or
     less than 0.1 .mu.m and the saturation magnetization .sigma.s equal to or
     less than 120 A.multidot.m.sup.2 /kg, and the number of abrasive
     protrusions ranging in height from 5 to 10 nm on the surface of the
     magnetic layer ranges from 15 to 25/225 .mu.m.sup.2."
"On a single chip are formed a plurality of magnetoresistance effect
     elements provided with pinned layers having fixed magnetization axes in
     the directions that cross each other. On a substrate 10 are formed
     magnetic layers that will become two magnetic tunnel effect elements 11,
     21 as magnetoresistance effect elements. Magnetic-field-applying magnetic
     layers made of NiCo are formed to sandwich the magnetic layers in plan
     view. A magnetic field is applied to the magnetic-field-applying magnetic
     layers. The magnetic field is removed after the magnetic-field-applying
     magnetic layers are magnetized in the direction shown by arrow A. As a
     result of this, by the residual magnetization of the
     magnetic-field-applying magnetic layers, magnetic fields in the directions
     shown by arrows B are applied to the magnetic layers that will become
     magnetic tunnel effect elements 11, 21, whereby the magnetization of the
     pinned layers of the magnetic layers that will become magnetic tunnel
     effect elements 11, 21 is pinned in the directions shown by arrows B."
"The combination of contrast enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and
     MR-guided subcutaneous core biopsy can be used as a robust approach for
     the diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer. MRI provides the means to
     accurately position and monitor interventional procedures such as biopsy,
     removal of tissue or other transcanular procedures. MRI may also be used
     in this invention to position and monitor the progress of breast
     conserving therapies (BCT), such as laser photo-ablation, cryoablation and
     localized hyperthermia. The general practice of this invention is to
     provide a remotely controlled apparatus for MR-guided interventional
     procedures in the breast. The apparatus allows the practice of a method
     that provides flexibility in conditioning the breast, i.e. orientation and
     degree of compression, and in setting the trajectory of the intervention.
     To that end, a robust conditioning/positioning device, fitted with the
     appropriate degrees of freedom, enhances the efficacy and efficiency of
     breast interventions by providing the flexibility in planning and
     executing an appropriate procedure strategy that better suits
     interventional procedures, either those in current use or yet to be
     developed. The novelty and potential commercial success of the device
     originates from its high maneuverability to set and perform the procedure
     strategy and its adaptability to accommodate an array of interventional
     probes. Remote control of this device can allow planning the operation and
     performing the relevant tasks in a short period, for example, within the
     contrast window provided by a single injection of a contrast agent, and
     this feature can be operator-independent."
"An MTJ memory cell has an access transistor which turns on in response to
     activation of a corresponding word line and a tunneling magneto-resistance
     element which has an electric resistance changing in accordance with
     stored data. The access transistor has a source connected to a source line
     for supplying a ground voltage. To restrict an off leakage current in a
     non-selected access transistor, each access transistor is configured with
     a MOS transistor having a threshold voltage that is larger than that of
     another MOS transistor formed on the same chip."
"A magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) has separate read and write
     paths. This reduces the peripheral circuitry by not requiring switching
     between read and write functions on a particular line. By having the paths
     dedicated to either read signals or write signals, the voltage levels can
     be optimized for these functions. The select transistors, which are part
     of only the read function, may be of the low-voltage type because they do
     not have to receive the relatively higher voltages of the write circuitry.
     Similarly, the write voltages do not have to be degraded to accommodate
     the lower-voltage type transistors. The size of the overall memory is kept
     efficiently small while improving performance. The memory cells are
     grouped so that adjacent to groups are coupled to a common global bit line
     which reduces the space required for providing the capacitance-reducing
     group approach to memory cell selection."
"A tunneling magneto-resistance element forming an MTJ memory cell has an
     elongated form having an aspect ratio larger than one for stabilizing the
     magnetization characteristics. Bit lines and write word lines for carrying
     data write currents are arranged along short and long sides of the
     tunneling magneto-resistance element, respectively. The data write current
     flowing through the bit line, which can easily have an interconnection
     width, is designed to be larger than the data write current flowing
     through the write word line. For example, a distance between the write
     word line and the tunneling magneto-resistance element is smaller than a
     distance between the bit line and the tunneling magneto-resistance
     element."
"A ferromagnetic layer of a magnetoresistive element includes a crystalline
     ferromagnetic sublayer and an amorphous ferromagnetic sublayer. The
     amorphous ferromagnetic sublayer has a smoothed surface."
"A magnetoresistive effect sensor uses a shielded-type magnetoresistive
     effect element using a magnetoresistive effect film formed by a basic
     configuration of a combination of a free layer, a barrier layer formed on
     the free layer, and a fixed layer formed on the barrier layer, wherein a
     sensing current flows substantially perpendicular to the magnetoresistive
     effect film, and wherein an amorphous material or a microcrystalline
     material is used in a lower shield."
"The invention provides a magnetic domain controlling structure wherein a
     lamination stack M1 adjacent to a magnetoresistive stack of a GMR, CPP-GMR
     or TMR magnetic head has at least two magnetic films 14 and 16
     anti-ferromagnetically coupled through a non-magnetic film 15, or the
     lamination stack M2 disposed on the end portions of the free layer of the
     magnetoresistive stack of the GMR magnetic head has a magnetic layer
     anti-ferromagnetically coupled to the free layer 2 through the
     non-magnetic film 27. Ferromagnetic film deposition dead zone area
     problems and the consequent problem of film rippling in free layer
     portions that reduces element sensitivity are prevented, as is the problem
     of increased error from read drift in the magnetic field exchange coupling
     method, resulting in a highly stable, highly sensitive MR head with no
     loss of magnetic field intensity."
"A method of tuning a bias parameter for a magnetoresistive head in a data
     storage system includes the step of identifying, from multiple possible
     bias parameter values, a smallest bias parameter value for the
     magnetoresistive head which both maintains a bit error rate above a
     predetermined threshold bit error rate, and which satisfies a second
     criteria. The method then includes the step of setting an operational bias
     parameter value for the magnetoresistive head to the identified smallest
     bias parameter value. Also disclosed are data storage systems, or
     controllers which are connectable to or included with data storage
     systems, configured to implement the methods."
"The invention provides a magnetic head capable of positively preventing
     electrostatic breakdown of an MR magnetic head device, and a method of
     manufacturing the magnetic head. A circuit board comprises at least a pair
     of leads for constructing a circuit, lands connected respectively to the
     leads, and solder bumps formed respectively on the lands. The solder bumps
     are arranged in an adjacent relationship and, when the solder bumps are
     crushed, peripheral portions of the solder bumps are pressed or spread so
     as to overlap with each other. The magnetic head includes the circuit
     board."
"A magnetic switch using magnetoresistive elements having respective free
     layers whose magnetization directions are varied by an external magnetic
     field. The magnetic switch also has a first magnet and a second magnet
     that produce respective magnetic fields that serve as the external
     magnetic field and are different from each other in strength and opposite
     to each other in direction, and a magnetic shield member whose relative
     position with respect to the first magnet and the second magnet varies.
     The magnetic shield member moves between a first position with which both
     of the magnetic fields of the first magnet and the second magnet act on
     the magnetoresistive elements to magnetize their free layers in a first
     direction and a second position with which only one of the magnetic fields
     of the first magnet and the second magnet acts on the magnetoresistive
     elements to magnetize their free layers in a second direction that is
     opposite to the first direction."
"A magnetoresistive film has at least a first magnetic layer, a second
     magnetic layer, a nonmagnetic layer, a third magnetic layer, and a fourth
     magnetic layer stacked in the order named. In the magnetoresistive film,
     at least the first magnetic layer contains Gd and the fourth magnetic
     layer contains Tb and/or Dy, each of the first magnetic layer and fourth
     magnetic layer has an easy axis of magnetization along a perpendicular
     direction to a film plane, and the second magnetic layer and the third
     magnetic layer have a greater spin polarization than the first magnetic
     layer and the fourth magnetic layer. Furthermore, the second and third
     magnetic layers are magnetic layers containing at least Co and Co contents
     thereof are not less than 20 at. % nor more than 90 at. %."
"A nearly balanced synthetic antiferromagnetic (SAF) structure that can be
     advantageously used in magnetoelectronic devices such as a
     magnetoresistive memory cell includes two ferromagnetic layers and an
     antiferromagnetic coupling layer separating the two ferromagnetic layers.
     The SAF free layer has weakly coupled regions formed in the
     antiferromagnetic coupling layer by a treatment such as annealing,
     layering of the antiferromagnetic coupling layer, or forming the
     antiferromagnetic coupling layer over a roughened surface of a
     ferromagnetic layer. The weakly coupled regions lower the flop field of
     the SAF free layer in comparison to untreated SAF free layers. The SAF
     flop is used during the write operation of such a structure and its
     reduction results in lower power consumption during write operations and
     correspondingly increased device performance."
"A method of measuring fly height of a read/write head to form a fly height
     profile for use in measuring fly height of the read/write head relative to
     a disc of a disc drive. A fixed source write signal is applied to an
     inductive element of the read/write head, generating a magnetic flux field
     with a stray magnetic flux field portion. A magnetoresistive element of
     the read/write head couples with the magnetic flux field producing an
     initial field strength signal. As the disc rotates, the read/write head
     flies there above decreasing the density of the stray magnetic flux field
     portion thereby decreasing the amplitude of the field strength signal. The
     decreasing amplitude of the field strength signal is calibrated to a
     predetermined operating fly height profile to correlate fly height of the
     read/write head to the decreasing amplitude of the field strength field,
     which forms the fly height profile."
"A magnetic field sensor has a pair of magnetic shields serving as a
     negative electrode and a positive electrode, respectively, a
     magnetoresistive element arranged between the pair of magnetic shields, a
     nonmagnetic conductive layer for the negative electrode arranged between
     the magnetic shield for the negative electrode and the magnetoresistive
     element and including a first metal layer formed in contact with the
     magnetoresistive element and a second metal layer formed in contact with
     the first metal layer, and a nonmagnetic conductive layer for the positive
     electrode arranged between the magnetic shield for the positive electrode
     and the magnetoresistive element and formed of a first metal layer, the
     first metal layer containing at least one metal selected from the group
     consisting of Ta, Ti, Cr, V, Mo and W."
"A method of burnishing a rear pad of a slider within a disk drive. The rear
     pad is formed of a burnishable material and maintains elements for reading
     and writing. The disk drive further includes a spindle motor rotatably
     driving a disk and an actuator assembly positioning the slider over a
     surface of the disk. With this in mind, the method includes rotating the
     disk. The slider is moved in a radial fashion relative to the disk surface
     in a reciprocal fashion, causing the rear pad to rock. As the rear pad
     rocks, contact between the rear pad and the disk surface burnishes the
     rear pad. As a result, a positive camber is imparted in the rear pad
     relative to the MR element. The above-described method can be practiced
     following initial manufacture of the disk drive, or at various times over
     the life of the disk drive. Regardless, the method is practiced in-situ
     and is therefore very fast, cheap, and adapts quickly to the particular
     disk in which the slider is flying."
"An MRAM includes a magnetoresistance element configured to store data, an
     electric current drive line configured to selectively apply a magnetic
     field to the magnetoresistance element, and a magnetic circuit configured
     to hold the magnetic field applied from the electric current drive line.
     The electric current drive line includes a first side facing the
     magnetoresistance element, a second side reverse to the first side, and
     two lateral sides between the first and second sides. The magnetic circuit
     includes a pair of film members consisting essentially of a ferromagnetic
     material and extending along the two lateral sides of the electric current
     drive line, such that portions facing the first and second sides of the
     electric current drive line are left open."
"A compact write element includes a conductive shield layer, an insulating
     write gap layer, a pole pedestal, a coil, and a conductive pole layer,
     and, in some embodiments also includes a backgap. The pole pedestal and
     the coil, and, in some embodiments the backgap, constitute a self-aligned
     array of components that may be formed in a single masking operation to
     allow for very tight tolerances between the components for a shorter yoke
     length. The pole layer is substantially flat and parallel to the
     conductive shield layer, providing for a shorter stack height. Also, a
     compact MR read/write head includes such a write element and a magnetic
     data storage and retrieval system includes the compact MR read/write head
     having such a write element."
"A technique for reducing pole tip protrusion (""PTP"") in a magnetic write
     head and giant magnetoresistive (""GMR"") stripe temperature in an
     associated read head structure utilizing one or more internal diffuser
     regions. In a representative embodiment disclosed, this may be effectuated
     through the appropriate placement of a relatively highly conductive
     material diffuser region (e.g. gold (Au) or copper (Cu)) above the poles,
     between the first pole and the coil and/or through the first pole, second
     and first shields and undercoat layer to the substrate in order to conduct
     heat away from the write head poles, insulating layers (e.g. photoresist)
     and shields."
"A magnetic tape is disclosed, comprising a support having thereon a
     magnetic layer comprising ferromagnetic particles and a binder as the main
     components, (i) the magnetic tape being for use in a magnetic
     recording/reproducing system in which signals recorded are reproduced with
     a magneto resistive head, (ii) the ferromagnetic particles contained in
     the magnetic layer being hexagonal-ferrite magnetic particles having an
     average tabular diameter of from 10 to 40 nm, and the magnetic layer
     having a machine direction coercive force H.sub.c of from 158 to 350 kA/m,
     a squareness ratio SQ.perp. as measured in the direction perpendicular to
     the magnetic plane of 0.5 or lower, and a thickness of from 30 to 300 nm."
"The invention is a magnetic device, i.e., a magnetoresistive sensor or a
     magnetic tunnel junction device, that has a ferromagnetic structure of two
     ferromagnetic layers antiferromagnetically coupling together with an
     improved antiferromagnetically coupling (AFC) film. The AFC film is an
     alloy of Ru.sub.100-x Fe.sub.x where x is between approximately 10 and 60
     atomic percent. This AFC film increases the exchange coupling by up to a
     factor or two and has an hcp crystalline structure making it compatible
     with Co alloy ferromagnetic layers."
"A magnetoresistive sensor and a method of manufacturing the
     magnetoresistive sensor are provided, which can effectively increase
     .DELTA.RA, and which can more easily and reliably bring magnetization of a
     free magnetic layer and magnetization of a pinned magnetic layer into an
     orthogonal state than the related art. By forming the pinned magnetic
     layer of a multilayered structure comprising a first hard magnetic layer,
     a nonmagnetic layer, and a second hard magnetic layer, the magnetization
     of the free magnetic layer and the magnetization of the pinned magnetic
     layer can be more easily and reliably brought into an orthogonal state
     than in the related art. Also, the pinned magnetic layer can be formed in
     a larger film thickness than that in the related art. Accordingly, the
     product (.DELTA.RA) of a resistance change amount (.DELTA.R) and a sensor
     area (A) in a direction parallel to film surfaces can be increased."
"A temperature compensation method for controlling a damping force of a
     magnetorheological (MR) damper is disclosed. First, a base operating
     current as a function of a desired force level of a damping force of the
     MR damper is determined, and a temperature compensation as a function of
     an operating temperature of the MR damper is determined. Finally, the
     temperature compensation is applied to the base operating current to
     generate a compensated operating current as a function of the desired
     force level of the damping force and the operating temperature of the MR
     damper. To refine the compensated operating current, the temperature
     compensation can be determined as both a function of the operating
     temperature of the MR damper and a relative velocity of the MR damper."
"A memory cell array is of a hierarchical bit line scheme in which
     cross-point memory cells that exhibit a magnetoresistive effect are laid
     out in a matrix, and a read bit line to be used in a data read mode is
     constituted by a main bit line and a sub bit line. A column select circuit
     selects a main bit line and connects it to a sense amplifier. A row select
     circuit selects a word line for each cell unit, and in read operation,
     sets, in a floating state, word lines to which unselected memory cells
     connected to the sub bit line to which a selected memory cell is connected
     are connected, and sets the remaining word lines connected to sub bit
     lines which do not include the selected memory cell to a potential
     substantially equal to the main bit line."
"A system and method for multi-channel MR spectroscopy (MRS) includes
     simultaneously acquiring MR signals from multiple coils and processing the
     MR signals individually to generate multiple sets of MRS results. The
     multiple sets of MRS results are combined to form a single superset of MRS
     results that is displayed as a simple proton MRS absorption spectrum."
"A magnetoresistive sensor device including a substrate, and a sensing
     portion and a signal processing circuit formed above the substrate with a
     resin film being disposed between the sensing portion and the signal
     processing circuit. The sensing portion detects changes in a magnetic
     field induced by a moving body, is located at a position for effectively
     detecting changes in a magnetic field induced by the moving body, and is
     constituted by a magnetoresistive sensor element."
"A magnetic sensor includes a plurality of rows of elements in each of which
     a plurality of magnetoresistive elements are aligned in a direction which
     intersects at a predetermined angle the passing direction of an object to
     be detected, the object including magnetic patterns, the plurality of rows
     of elements being staggered in the passing direction of the object to be
     detected. Each of the magnetoresistive elements includes a magnetic
     sensitive region, and each of the magnetoresistive elements in one of the
     rows of elements is aligned so that the magnetic sensitive region overlaps
     the magnetic sensitive region of the magnetoresistive element in another
     row in the passing direction of the object to be detected. Accordingly,
     the whole region passed by the object in the alignment direction of the
     magnetoresistive elements is a magnetic sensitive region."
"The variable output inflator includes an injection piston assembly
     containing a liquid propellant chamber from which liquid propellant is
     injected through one or more nozzles in the injection piston into a
     combustion chamber. The movement of the injection piston is controlled by
     a magnetic control unit employing an annular gap through which the MR
     fluid flows in a controlled manner. The inflator is of cylindrical type
     and may be made of small compact dimensions."
"An alternate method of designing and manufacturing a semiconductor pressure
     sensor inherently allows for significantly improved sensitivity, thereby
     allowing miniaturization of the sensor. As a result, the design lends
     itself to arranging the pressure sensors using this method in a two
     dimensional array, and measuring pressure distributions with very high
     lateral resolution. Furthermore, the design eliminates some of the
     processing complexities associated with the designs taught in the prior
     art, specifically those related to processes for manufacturing the plates
     of the parallel plate capacitor, or the piezoresistive strain elements.
     The invention allows the manufacture a two dimensional array of pressure
     sensors with very fine lateral resolution, which provides a much improved
     means over the prior art of recording fingerprints and the like. Used in
     conjunction with processing electronics and software that are well known,
     this method can be used as a means of personal verification,
     identification and detection. An additional significant benefit of this
     invention is that the MR device can be used as a temperature sensor or as
     a magnetic field sensor in this configuration."
"The present invention describes a device for performing breast biopsies
     and/or therapy within magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) systems. The
     apparatus includes a RF receiver antenna for magnetic resonance imaging of
     the breast. The RF coil includes openings in the front and side to provide
     access to the breast during the procedure. Compression plates are
     integrated into the breast coil which compress the breast either laterally
     or in the head/feet direction as required for optimal access to the
     breast. The apparatus includes a mechanical device for positioning
     interventional instruments in the breast such as biopsy or therapy
     instruments. The mechanical positioning devices position the instrument
     along the desired trajectory to the target site and insert the instrument
     into the breast while the patient remains inside the MRI scanner. Real
     time MR images may be acquired during instrument alignment and insertion
     to verify the trajectory. The mechanical positioning devices allow
     manipulation of instruments in any type of MRI scanner, including high
     field MRI systems with cylindrical magnets. The positioning devices
     provide a means to overcome limited access to the patient in MRI scanners.
     The positioning devices may be manually operated by means of gears, drive
     shafts, cables or other mechanical means. Or they may be electronically
     controlled by means of MR compatible motorized drive systems. The devices
     may be remotely controlled from outside the magnet for MRI systems that
     have limited access to the patient in the magnet. An interface between the
     electronically controlled drivers and the MRI scanner computer can provide
     robotic control of the instrument."
"An MRAM architecture is provided that reduces the number of isolation
     transistors. The MRAM architecture includes magnetoresistive memory cells
     that are electrically coupled to form a ganged memory cell. The
     magnetoresistive memory cells of the ganged memory cell are formed with
     Magnetic Tunnel Junctions (MTJs) and formed without isolation devices,
     such as isolation transistors, and a programming line and a bit line are
     adjacent to each of the magnetoresistive memory cells. Preferably, the
     magnetoresistive memory cells of the ganged memory cell only include MTJs,
     and a programming line and a bit line are adjacent to each of the
     magnetoresistive memory cells."
"A method and system for providing a magnetoresistive sensor and a read head
     that includes the magnetoresistive sensor is disclosed. The method and
     system include providing a pinned layer, a nonmagnetic spacer layer and a
     composite sensor layer. The pinned layer has a first magnetization that is
     pinned in a particular direction. The nonmagnetic spacer layer resides
     between the composite sensor layer and the pinned layer. The composite
     sensor layer includes a CoFe layer and a composite layer adjacent to the
     CoFe layer. The composite layer includes CoFe and at least one of Ta, Hf,
     Ti, Nb, Zr, Au, Ag, Cu, B, C, O.sub.2, H.sub.2 and N.sub.2."
"Nano-oxide based current-perpendicular-to-plane (CPP) magnetoresistive (MR)
     sensor stacks are provided, together with methods for forming such stacks.
     Such stacks have increased resistance and enhanced magnetoresistive
     properties relative to CPP stacks made entirely of metallic layers. Said
     enhanced properties are provided by the insertion of magnetic nano-oxide
     layers between ferromagnetic layers and non-magnetic spacer layers,
     whereby said nano-oxide layers increase resistance and exhibit spin
     filtering properties. CPP sensor stacks of various types are provided, all
     having nano-oxide layers formed therein, including the spin-valve type and
     the synthetic antiferromagnetic pinned layer spin-valve type. Said stacks
     can also be formed upon each other to provide laminated stacks of
     different types."
"In a thin film magnetic head device including a reading giant
     magneto-resistive thin film magnetic head element whose electric
     equivalent circuit is expressed by a series circuit of an equivalent
     voltage source and a series resistor R.sub.H and a parallel capacitor C
     connected in parallel with said series circuit, inductor L is connected in
     series with said series resistor R.sub.H and a parallel resistor R is
     connected in series with said parallel capacitor C. The coil L and
     parallel capacitor C are set such that an angular frequency .omega..sub.0
     =1/(LC).sup.1/2, an angular frequency .omega..sub.1 =1/CR and an angular
     frequency .omega..sub.H =1/CR.sub.H satisfy conditions of .omega..sub.0
     &gt;.omega..sub.1 and .omega..sub.0 &gt;.omega..sub.H, preferably
     .omega..sub.0 &gt;&gt;.omega..sub.1 and .omega..sub.0
     &gt;&gt;.omega..sub.H to extend a frequency characteristic toward a high
     frequency range."
"A coil interface is capable of coupling an array of coils to a magnetic
     resonance (MR) system. The MR system is equipped with a predetermined
     number of receivers. The coil interface includes a plurality of input
     ports, a plurality of output ports, and an interface circuit disposed
     therebetween. The plurality of input ports is used to couple the interface
     circuit to the coils of the array. The plurality of output ports is used
     to couple the interface circuit to the receivers of the MR system. The
     interface circuit is used to selectively interconnect at least two of the
     input ports to at least one of the output ports, thereby allowing the
     array of coils to be selectively operated in any one of a plurality of
     operational modes."
"A giant magnetoresistive flux focusing eddy current device effectively
     detects deep flaws in thick multilayer conductive materials. The probe
     uses an excitation coil to induce eddy currents in conducting material
     perpendicularly oriented to the coil's longitudinal axis. A giant
     magnetoresistive (GMR) sensor, surrounded by the excitation coil, is used
     to detect generated fields. Between the excitation coil and GMR sensor is
     a highly permeable flux focusing lens which magnetically separates the GMR
     sensor and excitation coil and produces high flux density at the outer
     edge of the GMR sensor. The use of feedback inside the flux focusing lens
     enables complete cancellation of the leakage fields at the GMR sensor
     location and biasing of the GMR sensor to a location of high magnetic
     field sensitivity. In an alternate embodiment, a permanent magnet is
     positioned adjacent to the GMR sensor to accomplish the biasing.
     Experimental results have demonstrated identification of flaws up to 1 cm
     deep in aluminum alloy structures. To detect deep flaws about circular
     fasteners or inhomogeneities in thick multilayer conductive materials, the
     device is mounted in a hand-held rotating probe assembly that is connected
     to a computer for system control, data acquisition, processing and
     storage."
"A magnetoresistive device including a high-resistivity layer (13), a first
     magnetic layer (12) and a second magnetic layer (14), the first magnetic
     layer (12) and the second magnetic layer (14) being arranged so as to
     sandwich the high-resistivity layer (13), wherein the high-resistivity
     layer (13) is a barrier for passing tunneling electrons between the first
     magnetic layer (12) and the second magnetic layer (14), and contains at
     least one element L.sub.ONC selected from oxygen, nitrogen and carbon; at
     least one layer A selected from the first magnetic layer (12) and the
     second magnetic layer (14) contains at least one metal element M selected
     from Fe, Ni and Co, and an element R.sub.CP different from the metal
     element M; and the element R.sub.CP combines with the element L.sub.ONC
     more easily in terms of energy than the metal element M. Accordingly, a
     novel magnetoresistive device having a low junction resistance and a high
     MR can be obtained."
"A double perovskite type oxide film is formed on a given single crystalline
     substrate. Then, the oxide film in set in an oxygen-including atmosphere,
     thereby to be oxidized. As a result, oxygen is introduced excessively into
     the oxide film, to form half metal/insulator/half metal junction and thus,
     create a MR effect therein."
"Magnetorheological devices, including damping devices, rotary devices, and
     haptic systems constructed with said devices are disclosed. The devices
     contain dry magnetically-responsive particles, or MR fluids containing the
     magnetically responsive particles. The magnetically soft particles
     characterized by a single process yield population of atomized particles
     having a cumulative 10%, 50% and 90% by volume, fraction within specified
     size, i.e., D.sub.10 of from 2 up to and including a D.sub.10 of 5 .mu.m,
     a D.sub.50 8 .mu.m up to and including a D.sub.50 of 15 .mu.m, a D.sub.90
     of 25 .mu.m up to and including a D.sub.90 of 40 .mu.m, and characterized
     by a least squares regression of log normal particles size against
     cumulative volume % fraction of greater than or equal to 0.77."
"In the method of making a thin-film magnetic head in accordance with the
     present invention, an electron beam resist is irradiated with electron
     beams in a state where an electrically conductive member is in contact
     with a magnetoresistive film. Since the magnetoresistive film electrically
     connects individual forming positions to be formed with magnetoresistive
     devices, charges stored near the forming positions upon irradiation with
     the electron beams can be drawn to the outside by way of the electrically
     conductive member. As a consequence, the electron beams are less likely to
     lose their rectilinearity, whereby the writing precision for patterning
     the magnetoresistive film by electron beam lithography can be improved."
"A magnetic resonance imaging apparatus has means for detecting the movement
     of an object so as to correct the variation of the non-uniformity of
     static magnetic field because of the movement of the object and thereby to
     improve the quality of the MR image. When actually measured data is
     corrected by using a signal for correcting the static magnetic field
     obtained in a preliminary measurement, the influence of the non-uniformity
     of static magnetic field is eliminated from the image based on the
     information from the body movement detecting means by using a correcting
     signal measured at the same time phase of the periodic movement as that of
     the actually measured signal. A navigation echo measured during the same
     repetition time as that of the actually measured signal is used for
     detection of time phase by detecting means. As a result, the quality of
     image is not deteriorated by the variation of the non-uniformity of static
     magnetic field due to the movement of the body of the object, realizing
     imaging of high quality image."
"In a magnetic random access memory, a cross point cell array of memory
     cells is arranged in a matrix of columns and rows, and each of the memory
     cells has a magneto-resistance element. A column of dummy memory cells is
     provided, and each of the dummy memory cells has a magneto-resistance
     element. Word lines are provided for the rows of the memory cells and the
     dummy memory cells, respectively, and bit lines are provided for the
     columns of the memory cells, respectively. A dummy bit line is provided
     for the column of dummy memory cells. A read circuit is connected with the
     cross point cell array and the dummy bit line."
"The present invention generally relates to a NAND-type magnetoresistive
     RAM, and more specifically, to a NAND-type magnetoresistive RAM comprising
     a plurality of transistors connected in series as a NAND-type which can
     reduce the effective area per cell. Two or more NAND-type transistors
     sharing an adjacent source region and an adjacent drain region are
     connected in series, thereby reducing inactive regions. A read node
     connected to a bitline is shared by a plurality of transistors, thereby
     improving a read operation. As a result, the effective area per cell can
     be decreased, and the integration of a device can be improved."
"A magnetic memory device includes first and second magnetoresistance
     elements. The first and second magnetoresistance elements store
     information and are provided apart from each other in a first direction. A
     first wiring to apply a magnetic field to the first and second
     magnetoresistance elements is provided along the first direction. A first
     magnetic circuit is formed along a side of the first wiring and has a
     notch in its portion between the first and second magnetoresistance
     elements."
"A magnetic memory device includes a first memory portion, the first memory
     portion having a first wiring extending in a first direction, second
     wirings extending in a second direction, a first memory element portion in
     which magneto-resistance elements is connected in series and arranged at
     intersections between the first and second wirings, and a first switching
     element connected to one end of the first memory element portion, and a
     second memory portion which is adjacent to the first memory portion in the
     first direction and shares the first wiring with the first memory portion,
     the second memory portion having the first wiring, third wirings extending
     in the second direction, a second memory element portion in which the
     magneto-resistance elements are connected in series and arranged at
     intersections between the first and third wirings, and a second switching
     element connected to one end of the second memory element portion."
"An integrated thin film head comprises, in order to prevent short-circuit
     among the lead layer, upper lead layer and shield layers, a lower shield
     layer formed on a substrate, a lower readgap layer formed on the lower
     shield layer, an MR sensor layer formed on the lower readgap layer, a lead
     layer jointed with the MR sensor layer, an upper lead layer formed in
     contact with a part of the lead layer, an upper readgap layer formed to
     cover the MR sensor layer, lead layer and upper lead layer and an upper
     shield layer formed on the upper readgap layer. The part of the lead layer
     in contact with the upper lead layer is formed thinner than the part not
     contact with the upper lead layer."
"The present invention provides a system and method of MR imaging
     particularly applicable with fast spin echo protocols. Odd and even echoes
     are used to create separate blades or strips in k-space. Preferably, each
     blade extends through the center of k-space. The blades are incrementally
     rotated about the center of k-space with each echo train until a full set
     of k-space data is acquired. After a phase correction, each odd and even
     blade is combined into a single k-space data set that is used for image
     reconstruction."
"The invention relates to a method and a system for determining the
     orientation of an external magnetic field by means of giant
     magneto-resistor (GMR) sensors. A sensor circuit is provided with two or
     more sub-circuits each having two GMR sensors connected in series. Three
     respective sensor voltages are obtained and a scaling factor is determined
     from differences in these voltages. An external magnetic field orientation
     is determined based on a scaling factor applied to the difference
     voltages. The inventive method enables signals from the GRM sensors to be
     reprocessed easily in order to compensate the temperature dependence of
     the signals."
"In a magnetoresistive element which includes at least a pair of
     ferromagnetic layers stacked with having an intermediate layer inbetween
     and achieves a change in the magnetic resistance by permitting a current
     to flow in the direction which crosses the plane of the stacked layers, by
     virtue of having a construction wherein at least one ferromagnetic layer
     constituting an information recording layer has an amorphous structure
     containing a CoFeB or CoFeNiB alloy and has a plane form having a longer
     axis in one direction wherein both sides thereof along the longer axis
     direction form a straight line or a curved outward, and the both ends
     thereof in the longer axis direction form a curved or bent outward from,
     wherein the pattern form has an aspect ratio of 1:1.2 to 1:3.5, excellent
     asteroid curve having consistency in the properties can be stably
     obtained."
"A magnetoresistive effect element of a tunnel junction type includes a
     magnetic multi-layered film (1), ferromagnetic film (3) and intervening
     insulating film (2) such that a current flows between the magnetic
     multi-layered film and the ferromagnetic film, tunneling through the
     insulating film. The magnetic multi-layered film includes a first
     ferromagnetic layer, second ferromagnetic layer and anti-ferromagnetic
     layer inserted between the first and second ferromagnetic layers."
"A thin film head for use in a tape drive includes a read portion, a write
     portion, and a giant magnetoresistive (GMR) element disposed in the read
     portion. The read and write portions have a tape bearing surface. A
     sensing surface of the GMR element is recessed from the tape bearing
     surface as a result of a lapping process and coated with a material."
"A transmit coil array assembly for use in a magnetic resonance imaging
     (MRI) system comprises a plurality of radio frequency (RF) coils arranged
     in a configuration for transmitting in parallel during transmission mode
     of the MRI system and a plurality of corresponding RF amplifiers each
     coupled to a corresponding RF coil for driving currents in the RF coils.
     The currents are controlled for defining and steering an excitation volume
     within an examined subject. The currents along with the currents in the
     gradient coils are further controlled to effect accelerated
     multi-dimensional excitation. A method for magnetic resonance imaging
     (MRI) with multiple transmit coils comprises the step of exciting a
     portion of an examined subject with the multiple transmit coils and the
     step of receiving magnetic resonance (MR) signals from at least one radio
     frequency (RF) coil for generating images corresponding to the selected
     portion of the subject."
"The magnetic field intensity distribution of a magnetic material sample,
     such as a magnetoresistive device, is measured with a probe having a tip
     portion of a magnetic material to which current is made to flow from a
     power source to the magnetic material. The probe is scanned relative to
     the surface of the magnetic material sample in two modes. In a first mode,
     the probe is scanned by being oscillated in a vertical direction to tap a
     surface of the sample to be tested. In a second mode, the probe is scanned
     while being held in contact with the measured surface. Corresponding first
     and second output signals from the two modes of scanning are processed to
     calculate the magnetic field intensity distribution of the sample magnetic
     material."
"A device and method for signaling differential pressure change occurring
     during leak testing of an evaporative emission control space in a motor
     vehicle fuel system. A casing has sensing ports one of which is
     communicated to a reference pressure, such as atmospheric pressure, and
     another of which is communicated to sense pressure in the evaporative
     emission control space. As difference between the reference pressure and
     the pressure in the control space changes, the net magnetic flux acting on
     a magnetoresistive sensor changes. The sensor is electrically connected to
     the vehicle electrical system for signaling the differential pressure. The
     device may be used for both positive and negative pressure leak testing."
"A magnetoresistive device (11) having a lateral structure and provided with
     a non-magnetic spacer layer (3) of organic semiconductor material allows
     the presence of an additional electrode (19). With this electrode (19), a
     switch-function is integrated into the device (11). Preferably,
     electrically conductive layers (13,23) are present for the protection of
     the ferromagnetic layers (1,2). The magnetoresistive device (11) is
     suitable for integration into an array so as to act as an MRAM device."
"A giant magnetoresistance (GMR) magnetic head that includes a GMR read
     sensor with a stitched longitudinal bias (LB) stack. The GMR read sensor
     includes seed, pinning, pinned, spacer, sense and cap layers in a read
     region, and its seed and pinning layers are extended into two side
     regions. The LB stack is fabricated on the pinning layer in the two side
     regions and includes separation, seed and LB layers. The separation layer,
     preferably made of an amorphous film, separates the pinning layer from the
     seed and LB layers and thereby prevents unwanted crystalline effects of
     the pinning layer. Monolayer photoresist patterning and chemical
     mechanical polishing may be incorporated into the fabrication process of
     the GMR head to attain uniform thicknesses of the separation, seed and LB
     layers, and to align the midplane of the LB layer at the same horizontal
     level as the midplane of the sense layer."
"A magnetoresistive transducer includes a magnetoresistive (MR) film
     interposed between domain control layers along the surface of a lower
     non-magnetic gap layer. Lead layers are formed on the domain control
     layers. An upper non-magnetic gap layer and an upper shield layer are
     sequentially formed to extend over the MR film and the lead layers. The
     upper shield layer is opposed to the surfaces of the MR element and the
     lead layers at a flat boundary or interface. The residual magnetization is
     supposed to exist in the upper shield layer in the direction of the
     magnetization established in the domain control layers after the upper
     shield layer has been subjected to the applied magnetic field for the
     magnetization of the domain control layers. The residual magnetization can
     be kept continuous along the flat interface of the upper shield layer. Any
     magnetic poles are hardly generated along the interface of the upper
     shield layer. The longitudinal bias field can be prevented from receiving
     the interaction of the residual magnetization in the upper shield layer.
     Reduction in the longitudinal bias field can thus be suppressed."
"A magnetic head at high sensitivity and with enhanced output having a
     magnetoresistive element of high output and optimal for use in CPP-GMR,
     the magnetoresistive element comprising a pinned layer 606 containing a
     half-metal, a free layer 608 formed on one main surface of the pinned
     layer 606, a spacer 607 formed between the pinned layer 606 and the free
     layer 608, an anti-ferromagnetic layer 603 formed on the main surface of
     the pinned layer 606, a soft magnetic layer 604 formed between the pinned
     layer 606 and the anti-ferromagnetic layer 606, and a noble-metallic layer
     605 formed between the pinned layer 606 and the soft magnetic layer."
"A giant magnetoresistive spin valve sensor is provided in which first and
     second ferromagnetic layers comprise a Heusler alloy. A non-ferromagnetic
     spacer layer is positioned between the first and second ferromagnetic
     layers. The non-magnetic spacer layer has an energy band which is similar
     to the energy bands of the Heusler alloy of the first and second
     ferromagnetic layers to allow a giant magnetoresistive effect to occur."
"An information recording medium, an information recording/reproduction
     head, and an information storage device are provided for performing a
     track servo operation at a smaller track pitch than that conventionally
     used without reducing the widths of servo burst patterns. The widths of
     servo burst patterns (107, 108, 109, 110) are increased over a track pitch
     (TP) and the end of the servo burst pattern is disposed so as not to
     coincide with a center line (111) of an information track. In addition, a
     servo magnetic head (112) and a reproduction magnetic head (113) are
     implemented in one magnetoresistance element (159)."
"This amplifier is intended for amplifying variable signals superimposed on
     a continuous signal. This continuous signal serves in particular for
     biasing a component, a magnetoresistive resistor used as a hard disk
     reading head. To avoid the harmful effects of a sudden fluctuation in the
     continuous signal, this amplifier comprises a set of switchable reactive
     elements (70) for acting on said transfer function and a bias drift
     compensation circuit (80) for controlling the switching of said switchable
     elements with a view to anticipating the effects of said fluctuation."
"A magnetoresistive sensor of the type of flowing a signal sensing current
     perpendicular to the plane to improve resolution at reproducing a signal,
     a magnetic head using the magnetoresistive sensor, and a magnetic disk
     apparatus. A magnetoresistive sensor comprising a substrate, a pair of
     magnetic shield layers consisting of a lower magnetic shield layer and an
     upper magnetic shield layer, a magnetoresistive sensor layer, disposed
     between the pair of magnetic shield layers, an electrode terminal for
     flowing a signal current perpendicular to the plane of the
     magnetoresistive sensor layer, and magnetic domain control layers for
     controlling Barkhausen noise of the magnetoresistive sensor layer, wherein
     the magnetic domain control layers disposed in contact with opposite ends
     of the magnetoresistive sensor layer consist of a material having high
     electric resistivity and with a specific resistance not less than 10
     m.OMEGA.cm so as to give the magnetoresistive sensor having excellent
     reproducing resolution."
"A magnetoresistive element exhibiting good external magnetic field
     detection characteristics is provided. The magnetoresistive element
     includes a laminate comprising a nonmagnetic conductive layer, first and
     second ferromagnetic layer sandwiching the nonmagnetic conductive layer,
     and a first antiferromagnetic layer for pinning the magnetization
     direction of the first ferromagnetic layer, deposited on the face of the
     first ferromagnetic layer opposite the face in contact with the
     nonmagnetic conductive layer. Bias layers for applying a bias magnetic
     field to the second ferromagnetic layer are provided respectively on two
     ends of the laminate. Each bias layer comprises second and third
     antiferromagnetic layers and a third ferromagnetic layer sandwiched by the
     second and third antiferromagnetic layers so as to magnetically couple
     with the second and third antiferromagnetic layer. Two end faces of the
     second ferromagnetic layer come into contact with the third ferromagnetic
     layers."
"An MR thin-film magnetic head includes a lower shield layer, an upper
     shield layer, a MR multilayer sandwiched between the lower shield layer
     and the upper shield layer, the MR multilayer being electrically connected
     with the lower shield layer and the upper shield layer, a current flowing
     through the MR multilayer in a direction perpendicular to surfaces of
     layers, and an insulation gap layer formed between the lower shield layer
     and the upper shield layer. At least a part of the insulation gap layer is
     made of an insulation material with a dielectric constant lower than that
     of Al.sub.2 O.sub.3."
"A preamplifier system is provided for use with a magneto-resistive (MR)
     sensor. Included is an alternating current (AC) coupling module connected
     to the MR sensor for blocking a direct current (DC) voltage associated
     with an input signal, and filtering low frequency noise associated with
     the input signal. Also provided is a gain stage module coupled to the AC
     coupling module. The gain stage module includes a plurality of cascode
     field effect transistors (FETs) configured for amplifying the input
     signal, while reducing intrinsic noise and increasing operational
     bandwidth. Coupled to the gain stage module is a control circuit for
     feeding back an output of the gain stage module for bias regulation and
     disturbance rejection."
"A device and method for signaling differential pressure change occurring
     during leak testing of an evaporative emission control space in a motor
     vehicle fuel system. A casing has sensing ports one of which is
     communicated to a reference pressure, such as atmospheric pressure, and
     another of which is communicated to sense pressure in the evaporative
     emission control space. As difference between the reference pressure and
     the pressure in the control space changes, the net magnetic flux acting on
     a magnetoresistive sensor changes. The sensor is electrically connected to
     the vehicle electrical system for signaling the differential pressure. The
     device may be used for both positive and negative pressure leak testing."
"In a spin valve, an underlayer is made of oxygen-rich nickel oxide to
     enhance the giant magnetoresistive ratio (.DELTA.R/R). The oxygen-rich
     nickel oxide film is made using reactive sputtering of a nickel target in
     an oxygen-rich sputtering atmosphere consisting substantially of pure
     oxygen and argon gases. The total pressure of the oxygen-rich atmosphere
     is reduced during the oxygen-rich nickel oxide film formation to
     additionally enhance the .DELTA.R/R value. A spin valve including two
     adjacent oxygen-rich nickel oxide underlayers provides a higher .DELTA.R/R
     ratio at a given pinning strength H.sub.ua than does a spin valve having
     only one oxygen-rich nickel oxide underlayer."
"A digital information reproducing apparatus using rotary heads that
     reproduces digital information signals recorded on a magnetic tape using
     magneto resistive heads installed on a rotary drum. The apparatus
     includes, in the fixed side of the apparatus, a magnetic tape checking
     circuit that checks the type of the magnetic tape; and a control signal
     generation circuit that generates a control signal for controlling the
     gain of a reproduction amplifier circuit; and on the rotary drum, a
     decoder circuit that identifies the control signal transmitted from the
     control signal generation circuit. The control signal generation circuit
     generates the control signal based on a checking result given by the
     magnetic tape checking circuit, and the decoder circuit identifies the
     transmitted control signal to control the gain of the reproduction
     amplifier circuit."
"A magnetic random access memory comprises a plurality of memory elements
     each comprising a magnetic pinned layer; a synthetic antiferromagnetic
     free layer including a first ferromagnetic layer, a second ferromagnetic
     layer, and a first nonmagnetic layer positioned between the first
     ferromagnetic layer and the second ferromagnetic layer, wherein the
     directions of magnetization of the first ferromagnetic layer and the
     second ferromagnetic layer are antiparallel; and a first conductive
     nonmagnetic layer positioned between the magnetic pinned layer and the
     synthetic antiferromagnetic free layer; and means for applying a current
     to each of the plurality of memory elements to affect the direction of
     magnetization of the synthetic antiferromagnetic free layer. A method of
     storing data using the magnetoresistive random access memory is also
     provided."
"A magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) cell array device, which may
     be embodied in a resistive cross point memory (RXPtM) device, includes a
     chip (i.e., substrate) on which is formed an array of MRAM cells.
     Preferably, formed on this same chip is a controller effecting a setup
     algorithm for determining a most preferable write current (or currents) to
     be used in writing binary data bits into memory cells of the array while
     preserving data previously written into other memory cells of the array."
"A memory cell comprises a magneto-resistive element of which electrical
     resistance value varies with magnetism. A sub-bit line is connected to one
     end of the memory cell. A main-bit line is connected to the sub-bit line
     via a first selection circuit. A sense-amplifier is connected to the
     main-bit line via a second selection circuit. A wiring line is connected
     to the other end of the memory cell and arranged in a first direction. A
     first operation circuit is connected to one end of the wiring line via a
     third selection circuit. A second operation circuit is connected to the
     other end of the wiring line. A word line passes over an intersection
     between the memory cell and the wiring line and is arranged in a second
     direction perpendicular to the first direction."
"A magnetoresistive element of the present invention includes a multilayer
     structure that includes a non-magnetic layer (3) and a pair of
     ferromagnetic layers (1, 2) stacked on both sides of the non-magnetic
     layer (3). A resistance value differs depending on a relative angle
     between the magnetization directions of the ferromagnetic layers (1, 2) at
     the interfaces with the non-magnetic layer (3). The composition of at
     least one of the ferromagnetic layers (1, 2) in a range of 2 nm from the
     interface with the non-magnetic layer (3) is expressed by (M.sub.x
     O.sub.y).sub.1-z Z.sub.z, where Z is at least one element selected from
     the group consisting of Ru, Os, Rh, Ir, Pd, Pt, Cu, Ag, and Au, M is at
     least one element selected from the group consisting of elements other
     than Z and O and includes a ferromagnetic metal, and x, y, and z satisfy
     0.33&lt;y/x&lt;1.33, 0&lt;x, 0&lt;y, and 0.ltoreq.z.ltoreq.0.4. This
     magnetoresistive element can have excellent heat resistance and
     magnetoresistance characteristics."
"Provided are a method and an apparatus for manufacturing a magnetoresistive
     element and a method and an apparatus for manufacturing a magnetic head
     which can reduce variation in properties of an magnetoresistive element
     and variation in the median of distribution.
Before starting polishing, wafer information containing various types of
     factors in a wafer stage which may have an influence on a resistance value
     of a final MR film is obtained, and an S value is calculated from the
     information by using a statistical scheme. During a polishing step,
     ongoing-work-information containing various types of factors in a
     polishing stage which may have an influence on the resistance value of the
     final MR film is obtained at regular intervals. A K value is calculated
     from the information by using the statistical scheme. Then, an MR
     resistance estimate during the polishing step is calculated from the S
     value and the K value. When the MR resistance estimate reaches a target
     resistance value , polishing is stopped."
"Transceiver components for a transmission line are described. A driver
     includes a first network of thin-film elements exhibiting giant
     magnetoresistance, and a first input conductor inductively coupled to at
     least one of the thin-film elements in the first network. At least one
     dimension of each thin-film element in the first network is configured
     with reference to the characteristic impedance of the transmission line. A
     receiver includes a second network of thin-film elements exhibiting giant
     magnetoresistance, and a second input conductor inductively coupled to at
     least one of the thin-film elements in the second network. A termination
     impedance in series with the second input conductor has a value relating
     to the characteristic impedance of the transmission line."
"A dummy cell has a plurality of dummy magneto-resistance elements which
     have the same characteristic as a magneto-resistance element, which
     characteristic changes corresponding to a voltage applied to the opposite
     ends. In addition, a voltage applied to opposite ends of each dummy
     magneto-resistance element is made smaller than a voltage applied to
     opposite ends of a magneto-resistance element of a memory cell. With this,
     the dummy cell is designed so as to have an intermediate electric
     resistance between first and second electric resistances."
"An offset of the switching magnetic field of a memory layer caused by a
     static magnetic field from a pinned layer in a magnetoresistive element
     used as a memory element is suppressed. A first magnetic layer magnetized
     perpendicularly to the film surface, an insulating layer, and a second
     magnetic layer magnetized perpendicularly to the film surface form the
     magnetoresistive element. The coercive force of the second magnetic layer
     is higher than that of the first magnetic layer. Upon the flow of current
     between the first magnetic layer and the second magnetic layer via the
     insulating layer N2, the resistance changes depending on the relative
     angle in magnetization between the two magnetic layers. A magnetic field
     applied from the second magnetic layer 2 to the first magnetic layer 1 is
     set smaller than the coercive force of the first magnetic layer 1."
"There are provided a magnetoresistance effect element, a magnetic head, a
     magnetic head assembly and a magnetic recording system, which have high
     sensitivity and high reliability. The magnetoresistance effect element has
     two ferromagnetic layers, a non-magnetic layer provided between the
     ferromagnetic layers, and a layer containing an oxide or nitride as a
     principal component, wherein the layer containing the oxide or nitride as
     the principal component contains a magnetic transition metal element which
     does not bond to oxygen and nitrogen and which is at least one of Co, Fe
     and Ni."
"A scanning device for scanning data-carrying disks. The disks include a
     magnetisable layer to and from which data is written and read using a
     magnetic transducer, such as a Giant Magneto-Resistive (GMR) transducer.
     Positioning of the transducer over a data track is achieved by optical
     tracking using a land/groove structure, and positioning of the transducer
     with respect to the optical tracking system by means of a reference beam
     transmitted through the disk."
"A system and method for acquisition signal error estimation is provided
     which uses one or more past values of the sequence to determine the
     nearest ideal sample value without comparing the received sample value to
     the potential sample values. According to one embodiment, the nearest
     ideal sample value is selected based on the received sample value and
     values of three consecutive samples. According to another embodiment, the
     nearest ideal sample value is selected based on the received sample value
     and a value of an immediately preceding sample. According yet to another
     embodiment, the nearest ideal sample value is selected based on the
     received sample value and a value of a previous sample. The acquisition
     signal error estimator maybe used in conjunction with gain, DC offset, or
     magneto-resistive asymmetry control loops in a sampled amplitude read
     channel."
"Methods and systems of utilizing a ring magnet for magnetic sensing
     applications thereof are disclosed. A magnetoresistive sensor device can
     be provided which is associated with a ring magnet configured as a sensing
     target. The magnetoresistive sensor device is insensitive to magnetic pole
     polarities. The ring magnet is generally magnetized to include a plurality
     of magnetic poles, such that at least one pole thereof is larger than at
     least one other pole thereof. An output signal can then be produced from
     the magnetoresistive sensor device via a digital circuit thereof. The
     output signal is independent of a rotation of the sensing target. The
     sensor itself is rotationally insensitive provided that the ring magnet is
     symmetrically magnetized."
"An arrangement is provided for measuring the field strength of a magnetic
     field, or measuring field, by an angle sensor. The angle sensor is aligned
     with the field lines of the measuring field at the position of the field
     strength of the measuring field, or measuring position. A device for
     generating a magnetic auxiliary field at the measuring position is also
     included. The angle sensor can be impressed with the magnetic auxiliary
     field in a predeterminable field strength and in a direction deviating
     from that of the field lines of the measuring field at the measuring
     position, forming a resultant magnetic field with a field line direction.
     The field line direction is measured by the angle sensor as a measure of
     the field strength of the measuring field. The arrangement is reliable,
     suitable for measuring high magnetic field strengths, has no reactive
     effects, and permits measurements with magnetoresistive angle sensors."
"A method of burnishing a rear pad of a slider within a disk drive. The rear
     pad is formed of a burnishable material and maintains elements for reading
     and writing. The disk drive further includes a spindle motor rotatably
     driving a disk and an actuator assembly positioning the slider over a
     surface of the disk. With this in mind, the method includes rotating the
     disk. The slider is moved in a radial fashion relative to the disk surface
     in a reciprocal fashion, causing the rear pad to rock. As the rear pad
     rocks, contact between the rear pad and the disk surface burnishes the
     rear pad. As a result, a positive camber is imparted in the rear pad
     relative to the MR element. The above-described method can be practiced
     following initial manufacture of the disk drive, or at various times over
     the life of the disk drive. Regardless, the method is practiced in-situ
     and is therefore very fast, cheap, and adapts quickly to the particular
     disk in which the slider is flying."
"The present invention provides a method for producing a magnetic head whose
     reproduction waveform has small distortions, and forming a hard magnetism
     layer for applying a bias magnetic field to a magnetoresistive element,
     which is a multilayer film including a fixed magnetic layer having
     magnetization fixed to a first direction and a free magnetic layer having
     an easy axis of magnetization that is directed to a second direction, is
     formed in an area including at least one of a front area in the first
     direction and a rear area in the first direction."
"In addition to the known MT (magnetization transfer) effect, an RMT
     (reverse MT) is newly found, which increases a detected MR signal
     strength. Both the MT and RMT effects can be explained with mutual
     interaction, such as phenomena of chemical exchange and/or cross
     relaxation, acted between a pool of water proton spins and another pool of
     macromolecule proton spins, for example, within an object. In order to
     enhance the MT or RMT effect, the frequency bandwidths of RF pulses, such
     as a 90.degree. RF exciting pulse in a SE or FSE method, an inversion
     pulse in a FLAIR or fast FLAIR method, and others, are controlled. To
     enhance the MT effect, the bandwidth is controlled into a wider value
     (approx. more than 1250 Hz) than the normally (conventionally) used
     bandwidth, while to obtain the RMT effect, the bandwidth is controlled
     into a narrower value (approx. less than 1000 Hz) than the normally used
     bandwidth. Actively controlling the MT or RMT effect permits changed image
     contrast in MR imaging."
"In a yoke type reproducing magnetic head, a magnetoresistance effect film
     can be arranged in the vicinity of a medium facing surface, so that
     sensitivity is improved. The yoke type reproducing magnetic head
     comprises: a pair of magnetic yokes which face each other via a magnetic
     gap, at least one of the pair of magnetic yokes extending from a medium
     facing surface to a position retracted from the medium facing surface; a
     magnetoresistance effect film which has a curved portion protruding toward
     the medium facing surface in the magnetic gap and which is magnetically
     connected to the magnetic yokes; and an electrode which is electrically
     connected to the magnetoresistance effect film."
"A magnetoresistive-based electronic switching apparatus and method. A
     housing having a first compartment contains switching electronics and a
     second compartment contains an actuation assembly. A barrier can separate
     the first compartment from the second compartment. An actuating magnet can
     be associated with the actuation assembly within the second compartment.
     The actuating magnet provides a magnetic field that can activate a
     magnetoresistive device located within the first compartment.
     Additionally, a magnetoresistive device responsive to the magnetic field
     of the actuating magnet can be utilized, wherein the magnetoresistive
     device located within the first compartment in association with the
     switching electronics provides a solid-state magnetoresistive switch
     thereof."
"A magnetic tape head assembly is provided along with a method of
     manufacturing a magnetic tape head. The magnetic tape head comprises a
     cluster of thin film inductive or magnetoresistive read/write elements, an
     I-block preferably made of a ceramic material, a U-bar also preferably
     made of a ceramic material, and a base preferably made of a ceramic or
     metal material. The U-bar has a substantially U-shaped form providing a
     recess into which the I-block and the cluster are fixed. A bottom surface
     of the U-bar, I-block, and cluster is fixed to the base to form a slider
     assembly. A top surface of the U-bar, I-block, and cluster is machined or
     etched to form one or more tape bearing surfaces thereon."
"A fabrication method of a magnetic tunnel junction includes the steps of:
     forming a magnetic tunnel junction constructed having a first magnetic
     layer, a tunnel barrier formed at an upper surface of the first magnetic
     layer and a second magnetic layer formed at an upper surface of the tunnel
     barrier; and thermally treating the junction rapidly for 5
     seconds.about.10 minutes at a temperature of 200.about.600.degree. C. to
     re-distribute oxygens in the tunnel barrier and make the interface between
     the tunnel barrier and the magnetic layer to be even. The tunneling
     magnetoresistance and thermal stability of the magnetic tunnel junction
     can be improved through the rapid thermal annealing."
"A magnetic thin film element is provided with a magnetoresistive film
     including a first magnetic layer composed of a perpendicular magnetization
     film, a second magnetic layer composed of a perpendicular magnetization
     film having a higher coercive force than that of the first magnetic layer,
     and a nonmagenetic layer interposed between the first magnetic layer and
     the second magnetic layer. The resistance of the magnetoresistive film
     varies depending on whether or not the magnetic spins of the first
     magnetic layer and the second magnetic layer are in the same direction."
"A current limiter circuit for limiting current in an electrical circuit
     element such as the magneto-resistive portion of a read head forming a
     portion of a hard disk drive and including: a first circuit connected to
     one end of the circuit element for applying a bias current of a desired
     value to the circuit element in response to the value to an input signal;
     a second circuit connected to the other end of the circuit element for
     setting the amplitude of the voltage signal generated across the circuit
     element in response to the bias current; and a third electrical circuit
     connected to both the first and second circuits for limiting the value of
     bias current to a predetermined level for an abnormal event such as a
     current surge, a short circuit, or any other type of undesired current
     operating condition."
"A magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) device usable as a magnetic memory cell or
     magnetoresistive sensor, such as a MTJ read head for magnetic recording,
     has the free ferromagnetic layer located on the bottom of the device, the
     bottom free layer being formed on a special underlayer. The MTJ read head
     may be a flux-guided head that uses the free layer as a flux guide for
     directing magnetic flux from the magnetic media to the sensing region of
     the MTJ. The special underlayer for the growth of the free layer is an
     alloy comprising Mn, one of Pt, Ni, Ir and Os, and an additive X selected
     from Ta, Al, Ti, Cu, Cr and V. Without the additive, the underlayer alloy
     is antiferromagnetic. The additive is present in an amount sufficient to
     render the alloy to have no magnetic ordering, i.e., it is neither
     antiferromagnetic nor ferromagnetic, but without substantially affecting
     the preferred crystalline texture and unit cell size so that the
     underlayer is well-suited as a growth-enhancing underlayer for the free
     layer."
"A magnetoresistive head has a magnetoresistive film including first and
     second magnetization free layers, an intermediate layer sandwiched between
     the first and second magnetization free layers, an underlayer and a
     protective layer, which are stacked in the order of the underlayer, the
     first magnetization free layer, the intermediate layer, the second
     magnetization free layer and the protective layer and arranged to be
     substantially perpendicular to the air-bearing surface, and a first
     electrode connected with the underlayer and a second electrode connected
     with the protective layer, the electrodes allowing a current to flow in a
     direction substantially perpendicular to the plane. Each magnetization
     direction of the first and second magnetization free layers is allowed to
     vary independently in response to a signal magnetic flux from a medium.
     The first and second magnetization free layers produce a magnetoresistance
     effect in accordance with the magnetization directions thereof."
"The present invention couples shunting pads to the conductor leads of a
     suspension assembly for supporting a slider in a magnetic storage system,
     which can be use to temporarily shunt the leads to prevent against damage
     to the heads by electrostatic discharge. In one embodiment, the suspension
     assembly includes shunting pads that are sized and positioned to allow
     shunting using a probe. In another embodiment, a suspension assembly
     includes a built-in shunting tab that when applied, temporarily shunts the
     MR read head and prevents any transient voltage from developing across the
     head. In a further embodiment a tool having multiple probes is integrated
     into a jig, which is used for holding and shunting one or more suspension
     assemblies during processing. In one embodiment, the present invention is
     applied to an integrated lead suspension assembly."
"A method and apparatus for providing matched differential MR biasing and
     pre-amplification. Tightly matched and well centered low-level MR bias
     voltage is provided directly to the sensing element for controlled
     input-impedance differential pre-amplification without common-mode voltage
     level control with loops."
"An MR system correlates MR images with acquired physiological data. MR
     image data and physiological data is acquired through two independent
     pipelines. Both pipelines range from analog to digital conversion to image
     or data display. The pipelines are synchronized by triggers calculated
     from data contained in the physiological pipeline which are then used to
     trigger the acquisition of data in the MR image pipeline. Another
     embodiment includes time synchronization of a distributed acquisition and
     processing system having the ability to correlate physiological and MR
     data using a common time base and the ability to selectively store
     physiological data. Simplified network time protocol is used to
     synchronize timers and a separate data conduit is used for sending
     physiological data to the data store process. This supports different
     modes of synchronization between acquisition and the physiological signal."
"In a magnetoresistive element of a magnetic memory, a inversion field Hc of
     at least a first magnetic layer is given by
     ##EQU1##
where Ku and Ms are the perpendicular magnetic anisotropy constant and
     saturation magnetization of the first magnetic layer. The inversion field
     Hc is set smaller than a magnetic field generated by a magnetic field
     generation mechanism. Letting T be the film thickness of the first
     magnetic layer and W be the width and length, f is a factor given by
A magnetic memory manufacturing method is also disclosed."
"A program element has a magnetic layer electrically connected between first
     and second nodes. At least a portion of the magnetic layer forms a link
     portion designed to be blown with external laser irradiation. The magnetic
     layer is provided in the same layer as and with the same structure as a
     tunneling magneto-resistance element in an MTJ memory cell. An electrical
     contact between the magnetic layer and respective one of the first and
     second nodes has the same structure as the electrical contact between the
     tunneling magneto-resistance element and an interconnection provided in
     the same metal interconnection layer as respective one of the first and
     second nodes in the MTJ memory cell."
"A magnetoresistive memory includes a control circuit with a first pole
     that, via a reading distributor, can be individually connected to first
     ends of bit lines by switching elements. The control circuit also has a
     second pole, which supplies power to an evaluator, and has a third pole
     that is connected to a reference voltage source. The readout circuit
     additionally includes a third voltage source having a voltage, which is
     approximately equal to the voltage of the first reading voltage source and
     which can be individually connected to second ends of the bit lines by
     means of switching elements. Finally, the readout circuit includes a
     fourth voltage source, which can be individually connected to second ends
     of the word lines by means of switching elements."
"A magnetoresistive element includes a multilayer film configuration
     including: a tunnel insulation layer; and a pair of magnetic layers that
     are laminated with the tunnel insulation layer interposed therebetween. A
     resistance value of the magnetoresistive element varies with a relative
     angle between magnetic orientations of both of the magnetic layers, and at
     least one of the magnetic layers includes a magnetic film having a thermal
     expansion coefficient not greater than a value obtained by adding
     2.times.10.sup.-6 /K to a thermal expansion coefficient of the tunnel
     insulation layer. The thus configured magnetoresistive element can exert
     excellent thermal stability. The use of such a magnetoresistive element
     can realize a magnetic head, a magnetic memory element and a magnetic
     recording apparatus with excellent thermal stability."
"A magneto-resistive head including: a soft-magnetic film arranged to be in
     contact with both end portions of the spin bulb film; and a permanent
     magnet film arranged so as to be in contact with the lower portion of the
     soft-magnetic film and not in contact with the free layer of the spin bulb
     film. With the structure in which the lower portion of the free layer of
     the spin bulb film is in direct contact with the end portion of the
     soft-magnetic film while the free layer of the spin bulb film is not in
     contact with the permanent magnet film, it is possible to provide a spin
     bulb element having a high reproduction sensitivity even when the track
     width is small, and a production method of the same."
"A reproducing head of a thin-film magnetic head incorporates an MR element,
     a pair of bias field applying layers located to be adjacent to side
     portions of the MR element, and a pair of electrode layers that are
     located on the bias field applying layers and overlap the MR element. The
     electrode layers each have a first layer, a second layer, and a third
     layer. The first layer is laid over part of the top surface of the MR
     element via a protection layer, the second layer overlaps the first layer,
     and the third layer is located on the second layer. The second layer is
     thinner than the third layer. In the method of manufacturing the
     reproducing head, after the protection layer is formed on an element-to-be
     film to make the MR element, a first electrode-to-be film to make the
     first layers is formed continuously without interposing a step of exposing
     the protection layer to the air."
"A read/write head for a disk drive having a magnetoresistive (MR) read
     element and an inductive write element suitable for perpendicular
     recording of data onto a disk having a media layer in which the data is
     stored perpendicularly to the planar surface of the disk and a soft
     underlayer (SUL) underneath the media layer to provide a low reluctance
     return path for the magnetic recording field. The read element includes an
     MR sensor sandwiched between a pair of shields. The write element includes
     a vertically-oriented write pole and a horizontally-oriented yoke that
     connects the write pole and the adjacent shield of the read element. One
     or more pancake coils are looped around the yoke to produce a magnetic
     field that is focused by the tip of the write pole which is relatively
     smaller than the remainder of the write pole. A floating write shield is
     located downstream of the write pole, the shield having a throat region in
     close proximity to the write pole and a ramp portion sloping away from the
     write pole."
"A method for stabilizing magnetic domains in dual stripe magnetic read
     heads is provided. This method first comprises providing a plurality of
     coupled magneto-resistive read elements in a spaced relationship. These
     read elements include top and bottom patterned magnetic shields on ceramic
     substrates, with two magneto-resistive (MR) sensor elements between the
     shields, all separated by insulating layers. Magnetic support structures
     are provided adjacent and separated from the coupled read elements,
     wherein the magnetic support structures provide a uniform magnetic field
     that stabilizes the magnetic domains of the MR sensors in the coupled read
     elements."
"A fabrication process for a tunneling magnetoresistance (TMR) sensor is
     disclosed. In particular, a unique method of forming a barrier layer of
     the TMR sensor is utilized so that the TMR sensor exhibits good magnetic
     and TMR properties. In one particular example, the barrier layer is formed
     by depositing a metallic film in an argon gas in a DC magnetron sputtering
     module, depositing an oxygen-doped metallic film in mixed xenon and oxygen
     gases in an ion-beam sputtering module, and oxidizing these films in an
     oxygen gas in an oxygen treatment module. This three-step barrier layer
     formation process minimizes oxygen penetration into ferromagnetic (FM)
     sense and pinned layers of the TMR sensor and optimally controls oxygen
     doping into the barrier layer. As a result, the FM sense and pinned layers
     exhibit controlled magnetic properties, the barrier layer provides a low
     junction resistance-area product, and the TMR sensor exhibits a high TMR
     coefficient."
"A programming system for controlling and/or altering an implantable
     device's operation using externally applied magnetic means, e.g., a
     permanent magnet or the like. Typically, such devices stimulate a neural
     pathway or muscle and/or block pain or muscle stimulation according to
     programmable settings, e.g., the amplitude, duration, frequency/repetition
     rates, etc., of stimulation pulses applied to the neural pathways/muscles.
     Preferably, once programmed from an external programmer, such implantable
     devices can operate ""independently"" using the externally provided
     programmed information. However, external programmers may be unavailable
     due to cost, size, or other constraints. Accordingly, embodiments of the
     present invention include a magnetic sensor, preferably a
     magnetoresistive, Hall effect, saturated core reactors, or the like, to
     sense an externally provided magnetic field. By externally applying
     magnetic fields in sequences of controlled polarities, durations,
     intensities, etc., and sensing these sequences and transitions, the
     operation of the implantable device may be altered, i.e., programmed."
"A method of producing a simulated 3-dimensional image, the method
     comprising: assimilating 2-dimensional image data, e.g. from MR image
     slices; assigning a feature, e.g. gray scale value to each datum; reducing
     the resolution of each gray scale value of the data; generating a
     histogram of the reduced resolution gray scale data; performing a fast
     fuzzy c-means clustering on the histogram data. The resolution of each
     pixel object in the images may be reduced from 12 bit to 8 bit resolution,
     and the histogram may be generated from these. Subsequently a value may be
     assigned for each entry in the histogram, each entry value being equal to
     the number of objects of any given feature (e.g. gray scale) in the
     reduced resolution (8 bit) image. The image may be displayed using a novel
     color blending technique. A 3D image is produced quickly and without
     supervisory intervention and can be used in endoscopic surgery and in
     diagnostic methods as well as in understanding healthy anatomical features
     better."
"There is provided a magnetoresistance effect element including a first
     pinned ferromagnetic layer, a second pinned ferromagnetic layer facing the
     first pinned ferromagnetic layer, surface regions of the first and second
     pinned ferromagnetic layer facing each other being different from each
     other in composition, a free ferromagnetic layer intervening between the
     first and second pinned ferromagnetic layers, a first tunnel barrier layer
     intervening between the first pinned ferromagnetic layer and the free
     ferromagnetic layer, and a second tunnel barrier layer intervening between
     the second pinned ferromagnetic layer and the free ferromagnetic layer."
"A magneto-resistive device has a magneto-resistive layer laminated between
     electrodes. The magneto-resistive layer has a non-magnetic layer, a pinned
     layer and a free layer sandwiching the non-magnetic layer, and a pin layer
     formed on the pinned layer on the opposite side to the free layer. The pin
     layer is formed in a region which substantially overlaps with an effective
     region in a film plane direction in which a current flows in a direction
     substantially perpendicular to the film plane between the electrodes in a
     predetermined thickness, and is formed in a region which does not
     substantially overlap with the effective region substantially in the same
     thickness as the predetermined thickness or in a thickness smaller than
     the predetermined thickness, continuous from the region which
     substantially overlaps with the effective region."
"In a composite magnetic head comprising a magnetoresistive read head
     including a magnetic thin film having a magnetoresistive effect and soft
     magnetic members interposing the soft magnetic film between them through a
     non-magnetic insulation layer, an induction type write head including
     poles formed in a moving direction of a medium and a conductor crossing
     the poles, and disposed in the proximity of the magnetoresistive head, and
     a substrate supporting these heads, the present invention discloses a
     composite magnetic head characterized in that part of a floating surface
     inclusive of the magnetic head constituent members has recesses and the
     read/write operations to and from the medium are effected by the portion
     interposed by these recesses."
"An integrated circuit (101) includes electrical circuitry (105) formed on a
     substrate (103). An interconnect layer (109, 117) is formed over the
     electrical circuitry (105). In one example, a plurality of
     magneto-resistive random access memory cells (MRAM) (161, 171) is
     implemented above the interconnect layer. Each of the MRAM cells comprises
     a magneto-resistive tunnel junction (MTJ) storage element. A transistor
     (130) is formed-over the interconnect layer (109, 117). In one embodiment,
     the transistor is implemented as a thin film transistor (TFT). In one
     embodiment the transistor is a select transistor and may be coupled to one
     or more of the MTJ storage elements. Access circuitry (203, 205, 207, 209)
     is formed on the substrate (103) under the plurality of MRAM cells (161,
     171)."
"An exchange-coupled magnetic structure includes a ferromagnetic layer, a
     coercive ferrite layer, such as cobalt-ferrite, for biasing the
     magnetization of the ferromagnetic layer, and an oxide underlayer, such as
     cobalt-oxide, in proximity to the coercive ferrite layer. The oxide
     underlayer has a lattice structure of either rock salt or a spinel and
     exhibits no magnetic moment at room temperature. The underlayer affects
     the structure of the coercive ferrite layer and therefore its magnetic
     properties, providing increased coercivity and enhanced thermal stability.
     As a result, the coercive ferrite layer is thermally stable at much
     smaller thicknesses than without the underlayer. The exchange-coupled
     structure is used in spin valve and magnetic tunnel junction
     magnetoresistive sensors in read heads of magnetic disk drive systems.
     Because the coercive ferrite layer can be made as thin as 1 nm while
     remaining thermally stable, the sensor satisfies the narrow gap
     requirements of high recording density systems."
"A magnetic head slider of the present invention includes a slider body
     having an air bearing surface opposed to a magnetic disk, a magnetic head
     including a magneto-resistance effect element provided on the slider body,
     first and second terminals connected to the MR element, and a switching
     element for short-circuiting the first and second terminals in response to
     an external input. With this configuration, it is possible to prevent the
     occurrence of damages of the MR element due to static electricity or the
     like. A photo-transistor is suitable as the switching element in
     consideration of productivity of a magnetic disk drive unit. In this case,
     the external input is light incident on the photo-transistor, and when the
     magnetic head slider is housed in a disk enclosure and is thereby shielded
     from light, the photo-transistor is turned off to allow a sensing current
     to flow in the MR element."
"Robust classification methods analyse magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS)
     data (spectra) of fine needle aspirates taken from breast tumours. The
     resultant data when compared with the histopathology and clinical criteria
     provide computerized classification-based diagnosis and prognosis with a
     very high degree of accuracy and reliability. Diagnostic correlation
     performed between the spectra and standard synoptic pathology findings
     contain detail regarding the pathology (malignant versus benign), vascular
     invasion by the primary cancer and lymph node involvement of the excised
     axillary lymph nodes. The classification strategy consisted of three
     stages: pre-processing of MR magnitude spectra to identify optimal
     spectral regions, cross-validated Linear Discriminant Analysis, and
     classification aggregation via Computerised Consensus Diagnosis. Malignant
     tissue was distinguished from benign lesions with an overall accuracy of
     93%. From the same spectrum, lymph node involvement was predicted with an
     accuracy of 95% and tumour vascularisation with an overall accuracy of
     92%."
"Provided is a magnetic recording medium which has excellent electromagnetic
     characteristics in an MR head and which is suited to high-density digital
     recording, especially suited to reproduction in an MR head. The magnetic
     recording medium comprises a magnetic layer comprising a ferromagnetic
     powder and a binder on a nonmagnetic support. The magnetic layer has a
     residual magnetization .PHI.r ranging from 5 to 50 mA, and ratio (Sdc/Sac)
     of average area Sdc of magnetic clusters under DC magnetized condition to
     average area Sac of magnetic clusters under AC erased condition ranges
     from 0.8 to 2.0."
"A method of magnetically manipulating a medical device within a body part
     of a human patient in conjunction with MR imaging includes applying a
     navigating magnetic field with magnets from the MR imaging device, and
     changing the magnetic moment of the medical device to change the
     orientation of the medical device within the body part."
"A coil interface allows a neurovascular coil system to be coupled to a
     magnetic resonance (MR) system. The neurovascular coil system has an array
     of coils including a birdcage coil, a spine coil, and at least one neck
     coil, with the MR system being equipped with a number of receivers. The
     coil interface includes a plurality of input ports, a plurality of output
     ports, and an interface circuit. The plurality of input ports are for
     coupling to the coils of the neurovascular coil system, and the plurality
     of output ports for coupling to the receivers of the MR system. The
     interface circuit enables the input ports and output ports to be
     selectively interconnected, and thereby enables the neurovascular coil
     system to be selectively operated in (I) a neurovascular mode; (II) a high
     resolution brain mode; (III) a high speed brain mode; and (IV) a volume
     neck mode."
"The invention relates to a mammography accessory for MR elastography which
     is capable of generating longitudinal oscillations which extend in the
     longitudinal direction in the mammae of a patient to be examined. The
     examination time can thus be reduced while at the same time realizing a
     rendition of the mammae in transverse slice images which is acceptable to
     examiners."
"A method and system for sensing linear position utilizing a
     magnetoresistive bridge circuit. A permanent magnet is provided having a
     gap formed therein. The magnetoresistive bridge circuit is generally
     located within the gap of the permanent magnet. The magnetoresistive
     bridge circuit includes a plurality of magnetoresistors. The magnet can be
     positioned in proximity to the ferrous target, which is associated with a
     slider that moves along a shaft. The magnetoresistive bridge circuit is
     generally biased by a magnetic field of the magnet. The magnetic field can
     saturate the magnetoresistive bridge circuit and a response of the
     magnetoresistors thereof. An output signal of the magnetoresistive bridge
     circuit can then be detected such that the output signal is produced by a
     change in an angle of the magnetic bias field. The output signal
     determines a target position with respect to a torque applied to the
     shaft."
"A highly reliable magnetic memory exhibits enhanced data-holding stability
     at high storage density in a storage layer of a magnetoresistive effect
     element used for memory cells. A magnetic memory includes a memory cell
     array having first wirings, second wirings intersecting the first wirings
     and memory cells each provided at an intersection area of the
     corresponding first and second wirings. Each memory cell is selected when
     the corresponding first and second wirings are selected. Each memory cell
     includes a magnetoresistive effect element having a storage layer in which
     data is stored by magnetic fields generated when current flows the
     selected first and second wirings, a first magnetic member, having two
     ends, provided as partially surrounding each first wiring and the two ends
     being situated in a direction of easy axis of magnetization, to form a
     closed-loop magnetic circuitry with the storage layer, and a second
     magnetic member, having two ends, provided as partially surrounding each
     second wiring and the two ends being situated in a direction of hard axis
     of magnetization, to amplify magnetic fields applied to the storage layer
     in the direction of hard axis of magnetization. Each end of the first
     magnetic member is situated as closer than each end of the second magnetic
     member to the storage layer."
"A magnetic memory includes: a magnetoresistance effect element having a
     magnetic recording layer; a first writing wiring extending in a first
     direction on or below the magnetoresistance effect element, a center of
     gravity of an axial cross section of the wiring being apart from a center
     of thickness at the center of gravity, and the center of gravity being
     eccentric toward the magnetoresistance effect element; and a writing
     circuit configured to pass a current through the first writing wiring in
     order to record an information in the magnetic recording layer by a
     magnetic field generated by the current."
"A magnetic head assembly includes a read head with a current perpendicular
     to the planes (CPP) sensor. The CPP sensor includes an AP pinned layer
     structure, a free layer and a spacer layer which is located between the
     free layer and the AP pinned layer structure. An in-stack longitudinal
     biasing structure for longitudinally biasing the free layer includes a
     pinned layer, an AFM pinning layer for pinning the pinned layer and a
     chromium spacer layer which is located between the pinned layer and the
     free layer. The free layer includes first and second free films with the
     first free film being iron and interfacing the spacer layer. The second
     free film may be nickel iron for imparting magnetic softness to the first
     free film. The pinned layer and a second AP pinned layer of the free layer
     structure may also be iron. The iron content of the layers in the sensor
     and the chromium spacer layer significantly increase the magnetoresistive
     coefficient dr/R of the CPP sensor."
"It is an object to provide an MR system and a floor cover capable of being
     attached and detached by one operator. In the invention, the floor cover
     covers a front face of a lower part of an open type MR system, and a
     cradle on which an object is mounted swiftly moves thereon. The floor
     cover is provided with a slide capable of moving on the lower part."
"In an MR tomography apparatus damping laminated sheets are provided for
     reducing vibrations The MR tomography apparatus has a magnet body which is
     surrounded by a magnet housing which surrounds and delimits an interior
     volume. A gradient coil system is located in this interior volume. On an
     inner side of the magnet housing that delimits the interior volume, a
     damping laminated sheet structure is provided for absorbing acoustic
     vibrations which are produced on switching of the gradient coil system."
"A method and system for detecting a magnetic field utilizing a
     magnetoresistor of a magnetic sensor is disclosed. A normalized
     magnetoresistance associated with the magnetoresistor can be calculated
     such that the magnetoresistor comprises an initial magnetization direction
     thereof. The magnetic field is generally permitted to exceed an ability of
     the magnetoresistor to remain pointed in the initial magnetization
     direction, thereby enabling the magnetoresistor to experience a
     magnetization reversal thereof. The normalized resistance can be placed
     into a new state in response to the magnetization reversal thereof,
     thereby permitting the normalized resistance to be utilized as a switch
     thereof and allowing the magnetic sensor to detect changes in the magnetic
     field associated with the magnetoresistor."
"The invention relates to an angle sensor comprising at least two
     angle-offset anisotropic magnetoresistive sensor units comprising
     anisotropic magnetoresistive elements, in which the angle sensor comprises
     at least a device for increasing the anisotropic field strength of the
     sensor units. The invention also relates to a method of increasing the
     anisotropic field strength of a sensor unit of an angle sensor comprising
     magnetoresistive elements, in which a magnetic supporting field present in
     a preferred direction of the magnetoresistive elements is generated."
"A magnetoresistive effect element (1) has an arrangement in which a pair of
     ferromagnetic material layers (magnetization fixed layer (5) and
     magnetization free layer (7)) is opposed to each other through an
     intermediate layer (6) to obtain a magnetoresistive change by causing a
     current to flow in the direction perpendicular to the layer surface, the
     magnetization free layer (7) is made of a ferromagnetic material
     containing FeCoB or FeCoNiB and the magnetization free layer (7) has a
     film thickness ranging from 2 nm to 8 nm. A magnetic memory device
     comprises this magnetoresistive effect element (1) and bit lines and word
     lines sandwiching the magnetoresistive effect element (1) in the thickness
     direction. There are provided the magnetoresistive effect element having
     satisfactory magnetic characteristics and the magnetic memory device
     including this magnetoresistive effect element and which can obtain
     excellent write/read characteristics."
"A method of measuring variation in dimensions and alignment error of thin
     film magnetic heads formed on a raw bar cut-off from a substrate is
     provided. Such method comprises illuminating a MR element and a resistance
     detector element which is formed for monitoring a lapping process, both of
     which are formed on the raw bar, with illuminating light whose wavelength
     is 300 nm or less; forming an image by imaging light reflected from the
     elements; and converting the image to an image signal through
     photoelectric conversion so as to detect variation in dimensions of the MR
     element and the resistance detector element formed on the raw bar, and
     alignment error between the MR element and the resistance detector element
     with a high degree of accuracy."
"A magnetoresistive device having a first pole, a second pole, and a first
     tapered pole pedestal therebetween and magnetically connected to the
     second pole. The first tapered pole has a width that increases with
     increasing distance away from the air bearing surface, ABS. The
     magnetoresistive device can also include a second tapered pole pedestal
     magnetically connected to the first pole, and separated from the first
     tapered pole pedestal by a write gap. The second tapered pole pedestal has
     a width that increases with increasing distance away from the air bearing
     surface. A method of the present invention includes defining the
     trackwidth of a write element by lapping a tapered pole pedestal. More
     specifically, the trackwidth is given by a known taper angle, a zero
     throat width, and a throat height, wherein the throat height is controlled
     precisely by lapping."
"A magnetic memory device includes magneto resistive elements which are
     laminated in each cell with easy axes of magnetization set in different
     directions, each magneto resistive elements having at least two resistance
     values, and first and second wirings which sandwich the magneto resistive
     elements and are arranged to extend in different directions from each
     other."
"A magnetoresistive multi-level generator including a first series circuit
     with a first magnetoresistive element having a resistance equal to Rmax
     connected in series with n first magnetoresistive elements each having a
     resistance equal to Rmin. Where n is equal to a whole integer greater than
     one, n additional series circuits, each including an additional
     magnetoresistive element with a resistance equal to Rmax connected in
     series with n magnetoresistive elements each with a resistance equal to
     Rmin. The first and n additional series circuits being connected in series
     between the input and output terminals and in parallel with each other.
     Whereby a total resistance between the input and output terminals is a
     level Rmin+.DELTA.R/n, where .DELTA.R is equal to Rmax-Rmin."
"A magnetic head of a magnetoresistance type is provided. The magnetic head
     comprises a magnetoresistance film, an underlying layer formed on each of
     both sides of the magnetoresistance film, and a magnetic-domain regulating
     film formed on the underlying layer so as to regulate a magnetic domain of
     a free magnetic layer in the magnetoresistance film. The underlying layer
     has a laminated structure of a tungsten-(W)-group metal layer formed on a
     tantalum-(Ta)-group metal layer. The underlying layer is formed so thick
     as to arrange the magnetic-domain regulating film at a position
     corresponding to the free magnetic layer."
"A magnetoresistive film includes a nonmagnetic film, and a structure in
     which magnetic films are formed on the two sides of the nonmagnetic film.
     At least one of the magnetic films is a perpendicular magnetization film.
     A magnetic film whose easy axis of magnetization is inclined from a
     direction perpendicular to the film surface is formed at a position where
     the magnetic film contacts the perpendicular magnetization film but does
     not contact the nonmagnetic film. A memory, magnetic element,
     magnetoresistive element, and magnetic element manufacturing method are
     also disclosed."
"A method for maximizing the interfacial properties of magnetoresistive
     sensors, such as spin valve and GMR sensors used in storage devices,
     comprises selecting the materials for ferromagnetic layers and for
     electrically conductive spacers that are interposed between the
     ferromagnetic layers. The electronegativities of the selected materials
     are substantially matched so that an absolute value of the differences in
     electronegativities is minimized. The conductive spacer material provides
     a relatively low resistivity and a large mean free path. The sensors
     experience greater chemical and thermal stability, are corrosion
     resistant, and realize an increased signal output."
"A giant magneto-resistive effect element includes a lamination layer
     structure portion (10) in which at least a free layer (4) the
     magnetization of which is rotated in response to an external magnetic
     field, a fixed layer (2), an antiferromagnetic layer (1) for fixing the
     magnetization of the fixed layer (2) and a nonmagnetic layer (3)
     interposed between the free layer (4) and the fixed layer (2) are
     laminated one on top of another. A sense current flows to substantially a
     lamination layer direction of the lamination layer structure portion (10)
     and the lamination layer structure portion (10) has disposed thereon an
     electric conduction restricting layer (S) in which very small electric
     conduction areas are dispersedly formed across a path of said sense
     current, whereby an element resistance can be increased and the amount of
     magneto-resistance change can be increased. Thus, a magneto-resistive
     effect element, a magnetic sensor using magneto-resistive effect, a
     magnetic head using magneto-resistive effect and a magnetic memory become
     able to increase the amount of magneto-resistive change."
"What is described is a sensor array with at least two sub-bridges, which
     are coupled together to form at least one Wheatstone bridge and which are
     equipped, in each of the sub-bridges, with at least two magnetoresistive
     sensor elements, wherein the sensor elements are sensitive to the magnetic
     field strength of an applied magnetic field along a measurement direction,
     and the sub-bridges are designed to deliver a measurement signal as a
     function of a field component of the magnetic field, designated a
     measurement field, measured in the measurement direction, wherein,
     further, in a first of the sub-bridges at least two of the sensor elements
     exhibit barber pole structures with differing alignments, in a second of
     the sub-bridges at least two of the sensor elements are designed without
     barber pole structures, and the measurement signals of the first
     sub-bridge at least largely coincide with the measurement signals of the
     second sub-bridge in a specified range of values around a zero point of
     the magnetic field strength of the measurement field. A sensor array with
     a further improved interference immunity against magnetic interference
     fields is thereby created."
"A semiconductor memory device includes a first wiring extending in a first
     direction, a second wiring extending in a second direction differing from
     the first direction, and a magneto resistive element arranged between the
     first and second wirings and comprising a first portion and a second
     portion, the second portion being in contact with the second wiring and
     extending along the second wiring to reach an outside region positioned
     outside the first portion."
"A magnetoresistive sensor including a lower electrode layer, a nanotube
     structure film composed of an insulator matrix and a plurality of
     nanotubes dispersively arranged in the insulator matrix, a
     magnetoresistive film provided on the nanotube structure film, and an
     upper electrode layer provided on the magnetoresistive film. Each nanotube
     is composed of a circular tubular nonmetal and a circular cylindrical
     metal surrounded by the circular tubular nonmetal. The nanotube structure
     film is partially etched at its central region to make conduction of the
     upper electrode layer and the lower electrode layer through the
     magnetoresistive film and the circular cylindrical metal of each nanotube
     present at the central region."
"To provide a thin and small area azimuth meter. A plane coil and at least
     two groups of thin film magneto resistive elements are arranged. Each of
     the groups of thin film magneto resistive elements constitutes an MR
     bridge and detects and outputs two perpendicular components of the earth
     magnetism, and bearing information is obtained based on the output values."
"There are provided a magnetoresistive effect element, which has a large MR
     ratio, excellent thermostability and a small switching magnetic field even
     if its size is decreased, and a magnetic memory using the magnetoresistive
     effect element. The magnetoresistive effect element includes: a storage
     layer formed by stacking a plurality of ferromagnetic layers via
     non-magnetic layers; a magnetic film having at least one ferromagnetic
     layer; and a tunnel barrier layer provided between the storage layer and
     the magnetic film. Each of the ferromagnetic layers of the storage layer
     is formed of an Ni--Fe--Co ternary alloy which has a composition selected
     from one of a composition region surrounded by a straight line of
     Co.sub.90(at %) Fe.sub.10(at %) --Fe.sub.30(at %) Ni.sub.70(at %), a
     straight line of Fe.sub.80(at %) Ni.sub.20(at %) --Fe.sub.30(at %)
     Ni.sub.70(at %) and a straight line of Fe.sub.80(at %) Ni.sub.20(at %)
     --Co.sub.65(at %) Ni.sub.35(at %), and a composition region surrounded by
     a straight line of Fe.sub.80(at %) Ni.sub.20(at %) --Co.sub.65(at %)
     Ni.sub.35(at %), a straight line of Co.sub.90(at %) Fe.sub.10(at %)
     --Fe.sub.70(at %) Ni.sub.30(at %) and a straight line of Co.sub.90(at %)
     Fe.sub.10(at %) --Fe.sub.30(at %) Ni.sub.70(at %). A maximum surface
     roughness on each of an interface between the storage layer and the tunnel
     barrier layer and an interface between the magnetic film and the tunnel
     barrier layer is 0.4 nm or less."
"MRAM has read word lines WLR and write word line WLW extending in the y
     direction, write/read bit line BLW/R and write bit line BLW extending in
     the x direction, and the memory cells MC disposed at the points of the
     intersection of these lines. The memory MC includes sub-cells SC1 and SC2.
     The sub-cell SC1 includes magneto resistive elements MTJ1 and MTJ2 and a
     selection transistor Tr1, and the sub-cell SC2 includes magneto resistive
     elements MTJ3 and MTJ4 and a selection transistor Tr2. The magneto
     resistive elements MTJ1 and MTJ2 are connected in parallel, and the
     magneto resistive elements MTJ3 and MTJ4 are also connected in parallel.
     Further, the sub-cells SC1 and SC2 are connected in series between the
     write/read bit line BLW/R and the ground."
"A ferromagnetic tunnel magnetoresistive film is associated with a high
     output and whose magnetoresistive ratio is less dependent on a bias
     voltage. In a three-terminal ferromagnetic tunnel magnetoresistive
     element, a decrease in an output is suppressed by a bias voltage applied
     to one of the tunnel junctions. By employing half-metallic ferromagnets in
     the element, the output can be enhanced and the dependency on the applied
     bias voltage can be reduced."
"A spin valve (SV) sensor has a cap layer made of tantalum; a copper layer
     formed beneath the cap layer; and a unique freelayer structure. The
     freelayer structure includes a first layer made of nickel-iron, a second
     layer made of ruthenium, a third layer made of nickel-iron, a nanolayer
     made of cobalt-iron, and a spacer layer made of copper adjacent the
     nanolayer of cobalt-iron. The first layer of nickel-iron is no greater
     than each one of the third layer of nickel-iron and the nanolayer of
     cobalt-iron. The nanolayer has a thickness of no more than 30 Angstroms.
     The net freelayer thickness, determined based on subtracting a thickness
     of the first layer of nickel-iron from a sum of thicknesses of the third
     layer of nickel-iron and the nanolayer of cobalt-iron, is less than 50
     Angstroms. Advantageously, this thin structure provides a high
     magnetoresistive coefficient and soft magnetic properties."
"A recording head has a bottom pole layer and a top pole layer that include
     pole portions, and a recording gap layer placed between the pole portions.
     The recording head further has a thin-film coil placed between the bottom
     and top pole layers, the coil being insulated from the pole layers. The
     bottom pole layer includes a first portion and a second portion. The first
     portion is located in a region facing toward the thin-film coil, an
     insulating layer being placed between the bottom pole layer and the coil.
     The second portion is connected to a surface of the first portion facing
     toward the thin-film coil. The second portion forms the pole portion and
     defines a throat height. The thin-film coil is located on a side of the
     second portion. Throat height TH is greater than MR height MR-H."
"The invention consists of three image-postprocessing phases for the
     purposes of generating high-quality quantitative MR images (proton density
     (PD), T1, and T2) as well as high-quality virtual MR images with
     continuously adjustable computer-synthesized contrast weightings, from
     source images acquired directly with an MRI scanner. Each of the
     image-postprocessing phases uses one or several new computer algorithms
     that improve image quality with respect to prior art, including
     linear-combination-of source-images (LCSI) algorithms for generating PD
     images and model-conforming algorithms for generating Q-MR images of
     tissue properties that influence NMR relaxation."
"A method for determining presence or absence of a low flying read/write
     head is disclosed. In a preferred embodiment, a disc is accelerated to an
     operating rotational velocity, a voltage is applied across a
     magnetoresistive element of the read/write head, the voltage applied
     across the magnetoresistive element is monitored for an occurrence of a
     contact event voltage signature, a level of the voltage applied across the
     magnetoresistive element concurrent with the occurrence of the contact
     event voltage signature is determined and compared to a predetermined
     applied voltage threshold to determine presence of a low flying read/write
     head.
Occurrence of a contact event voltage signature prior to reaching the
     predetermined applied voltage threshold identifies the read/write head as
     a low flying read/write head. Non-occurrence of a contact event voltage
     signature prior to reaching the predetermined applied voltage threshold
     identifies the read/write head is a non low flying read/write head."
"A magnetoresistive element measurement circuit configured for measuring
     resistance of a magnetoresistive element biased by a current source is
     disclosed. In a preferred embodiment, the measurement circuit includes the
     magnetoresistive element, a current source providing a fixed current to
     the magnetoresistive element, at least one current bypass switch
     controllingly engaging a measurement resistor in an electrical parallel
     configuration with the biased magnetoresistive element, and an analogue
     voltage detector measuring voltage first across the biased
     magnetoresistive element and then across the biased magnetoresistive
     element in electrical parallel communication with the measurement
     resistor. The measured voltages are factored with the measurement resistor
     to determine the resistance of the magnetoresistive element. The
     determined resistance is compared to a resistance range, if within the
     range the magnetoresistive element is in an operative state, if outside
     the range the magnetoresistive element is in a non-operative state."
"An apparatus and associated method for detecting head collision with disc
     media, or other matter, during a write operation is disclosed. The method
     and apparatus generally monitor the resistance of an MR element on the
     head in order to detect a temperature increases indicative of a head
     collision. The resistance can be compared to a pre-selected threshold to
     generate an output indicative of head collision."
"Products are disclosed for measuring electromagnetic fields. One embodiment
     has at least two coplanar magneto-resestive sensors. Each
     magneto-resistive sensor has a sensitive axis in the plane of the at least
     two coplanar magneto-resistive sensors. The at least two magneto-resistive
     sensors may be orthogonally arranged about a central point to measure
     orthogonal components of electromagnetic fields."
"A suspended resist bridge suitable for lithographically patterning MR
     sensors having trackwidths narrower than 0.2 micron is fabricated using
     the method of the present invention. First, PMGI is spun onto a substrate
     to form a first thin resist layer. Next, PMMA is spun onto the first
     resist layer to form a second resist layer. The PMMA layer is exposed to
     an electron beam to pattern the trackwidth of the MR sensors. E-beam
     exposed PMMA is then developed in an IPA solution. The resist structure is
     then placed in a basic solution for dissolving PMGI, which results in a
     fully undercut resist bridge that is used for patterning the MR sensors."
"5 There is disclosed a magnetoresistive head in which an interlayer
     coupling field H.sub.in applied to a free magnetic layer is minimized. The
     magnetoresistive head is provided with a magnetoresistive film including:
     a first antiferromagnetic layer 2; a pinned magnetic layer 3 formed on the
     first antiferromagnetic layer 2 and provided with magnetization whose
     direction is fixed; a first nonmagnetic layer 4 formed on the pinned
     magnetic layer 3; a free magnetic layer 5 formed on the first nonmagnetic
     layer 4 and provided with magnetization whose direction changes in
     accordance with an external magnetic field; a second nonmagnetic layer 6
     formed on the free magnetic layer 5; and a second antiferromagnetic layer
     7, formed on the second nonmagnetic layer 6, for applying a bias magnetic
     field generated by static interlayer coupling and directed in a direction
     opposite to magnetization direction of the pinned magnetic layer 3 to the
     free magnetic layer 5."
"An improved bias circuit for a disk drive head which reduces or eliminates
     transients while switching biasing. Embodiments of the invention are
     directed to eliminating transients while switching the bias of a MR head
     such as from current bias to voltage biasing. In an embodiment of the
     present invention, bias enable signals from a control circuit are inputs
     to delay circuits. The delay circuits provide a delay on the high-to-low
     transition, and essentially no delay on the low-to-high transition. The
     unsymmetrical delay ensures that the read head bias current will continue
     to be driven during the biasing transition to reduce voltage swings that
     could damage the head."
"A motor drive including an input for alternating current, a rectifier
     circuit, an inverter, an output which provides the controlled alternating
     current to drive a motor; and an active EMI filter for eliminating common
     mode noise in the motor drive which employs a magneto-resistive sensor. In
     the filter, a pair of lead frame bars which are connectable to the current
     path of the motor drive and an MR sensor in the form of a Wheatstone
     bridge are fabricated on a semiconductor die, with the bridge in contact
     with and straddling the lead frame bars. The bridge elements are so
     oriented that opposed elements in the bridge are responsive to changes in
     magnetic flux in a first sense to exhibit an increase in resistance, and
     adjacent elements in the bridge are responsive to changes in magnetic flux
     in a second sense opposite to the first sense to exhibit an increase in
     resistance. This allows the lead frame bars to be connected in such a
     manner that the common mode noise signals in the motor drive current path
     cause flux variations which reinforce the sensor output, while flux
     variations associated with other signals tend to cancel."
"A magnetic recording medium containing: a support; and a magnetic layer
     containing a ferromagnetic powder and a binder, wherein the magnetic layer
     has 100 or less protrusions per 900 .mu.m.sup.2 on a surface thereof, the
     protrusion having a height, as measured by AFM, of 30 nm or more, the
     magnetic layer has a magnetic switching volume of from
     0.1.times.10.sup.-17 to 5.times.10.sup.-17 mL, the magnetic layer has a
     coercive force of 2,000 Oe (159.2 KA/m) or more, and a surface of the
     support, the surface being opposed to the magnetic layer, has a PSD in a
     machine direction, as measured by an interferometric roughness tester with
     a magnification of 5 times, of from 500 to 4,000 .mu.m.sup.3 at a space
     wavelength of 10 .mu.m, and a reproduction process containing reproducing
     the magnetic recording medium by an MR head."
"A first layer region of a magnetically pinned layer in a spin valve
     structure, which is relatively remoter from a non-magnetic intermediate
     layer, is made of a ferromagnetic material containing at least one element
     selected from the group consisting of Cr (chrome), Rh (rhodium), Os
     (osmium), Re (rhenium), Si (silicon), Al (aluminum), Be (beryllium), Ga
     (gallium), Ge (germanium), Te (tellurium), B (boron), V (vanadium), Ru
     (ruthenium), Ir (iridium), W (tungsten), Mo (molybdenum), Au (gold), Pt
     (platinum), Ag (silver) and Cu (copper). Thereby, it is possible to
     provide a structure of the magnetically pinned layer, which can be readily
     made using a conventional deposition method and can ensure a sufficient
     electron reflecting effect on the part of the magnetically pinned layer,
     and to provide a magnetoresistive element using a spin valve film
     including the particular structure."
"Methods for reducing feature sizes of devices such as electromagnetic
     sensors are disclosed. A track width of a MR sensor is defined by a mask
     having an upper layer with a reduced width and a lower layer with a
     further reduced width. Instead of or in addition to being supported by the
     lower layer in the area defining the sensor, the upper layer is supported
     by the lower layer in areas that do not define the sensor width. In some
     embodiments the upper layer forms a bridge mask, supported at its ends by
     the lower layer, and the lower layer is completely removed over an area
     that will become a sensor. Also disclosed is a mask having more than two
     layers, with a bottom layer completely removed over the sensor area, and a
     middle layer undercut relative to a top layer."
"A conventional magnetic head has a structure, in which a MR element and a
     recording element are stacked. The influence of a recording magnetic field
     on the magnetically sensitive portion of a reproduction element is
     lessened and the performance of the MR element is stabilized. Also, the
     reliability of the magnetic disk drive using a MR element is enhanced. The
     magnetic disk drive uses a composite magnetic head, which has a plurality
     of reproduction elements arranged such that the magnetically sensitive
     layer of a reproduction element of the composite magnetic head does not
     overlap with the normal direction projection of the recording element, and
     which lessens the influence of a recording magnetic field on the
     magnetically sensitive portion of each reproduction element."
"A detector assembly and methods including a magnetoresistive sensor capable
     of detecting anomalies in the wall of a casing string disposed in a
     wellbore. Examples of anomalies include gaps between casings such as due
     to casing joints, air gaps in casing threads such as due to flush casing
     joints, enlarged casing wall thickness such as due to external casing
     collars, damaged casing, perforations, and other discontinuities or
     deformities in the casing. The detector assembly and methods detect
     perturbations in the earth's magnetic field caused by the anomalies. The
     detector assembly generates essentially no magnetic or electromagnetic
     field so that other downhole instrumentation is not affected by its
     presence."
"A magneto-resistive random access memory includes a MOS transistor having a
     first gate and source and drain junctions on a substrate, a lower
     electrode connected to the source junction, a first magnetic layer on the
     lower electrode, a dielectric barrier layer including aluminum and hafnium
     on the first magnetic layer which, together with the first magnetic layer,
     form a potential well, a second magnetic layer on the dielectric barrier
     layer opposite the first magnetic layer, an upper electrode on the second
     magnetic layer, a second gate interposed between the first gate and the
     lower electrode to control the magnetic data of one of the first and
     second magnetic layers, and a bit line positioned orthogonal to the first
     gate and electrically connected to the upper electrode. Improved
     characteristics of the barrier layer increase a magnetic resistance ratio
     and improve data storage capacity of the magneto-resistive random access
     memory."
"When a tunnel magnetoresistive effect element having a multilayer film
     structure containing two ferromagnetic material layers (11, 12) and a
     barrier layer (13) is constructed, after one ferromagnetic material layer
     (11) had been deposited, a conductive layer (16), formed by adding a
     material of an element different from a metal material to said metal
     material serving as a principal component thereof, is deposited on the
     ferromagnetic material layer (11) and the barrier layer (13) is formed by
     oxidizing the conductive layer (16), whereafter the other ferromagnetic
     material layer (12) is deposited on the barrier layer (13). Thus, in the
     tunnel magnetoresistive effect type memory device, dispersion of
     resistance value between respective elements can be suppressed while a
     large TMR ratio can be obtained."
"A method of forming a layer of a hard, abrasion, and corrosion-resistant
     hydrogenated carbon (C:H) material on a substrate surface comprises steps
     of:
    (a) providing a vacuum chamber including a carbon sputtering target in the
     interior space thereof;
    (b) providing a substrate in the chamber interior space, a surface of the
     substrate the sputtering target;
    (c) supplying the vacuum chamber with at least one hydrocarbon gas and at
     least one inert gas at separately controllable flow rates and applying a
     sufficient negative potential to the carbon target to generate a plasma in
     said interior space to deposit a layer of the C:H material on the
     substrate surface by a process comprising simultaneous sputtering of the
     carbon sputtering target and plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition
     (PECVD) of carbon and hydrogen from the hydrocarbon gas, wherein:
    step (c) includes separately controlling the flow rates of each of the
     hydrocarbon and inert gases such that the amount of C atoms in the C:H
     which are contributed by the PECVD component of the process is less than
     about 50 at. %.
    Embodiments of the invention include utilizing the C:H material as a
     protective overcoat layer for magnetic and magneto-optical recording
     media."
"A circuit configuration for a current switch of a bit line or a word line
     of a magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) device, comprising a
     directional switch and a voltage driver that, in operation, reduces the ON
     resistance of the directional switch. In one embodiment, each terminal of
     the line is provided with such a switch."
"An integrated circuit assembly contains a carrier and a semi-conductor
     integrated circuit chip 10. A current path on the carrier supplies power
     to power supply connection of the chip. A magnetic field sensor is
     provided on the carrier in a vicinity of the current path, for sensing a
     magnetic field generated by a current through the current path. The
     assembly contains test-accessible electronic interface to the magnetic
     field sensor, for testing presence of the current. Preferably the sensors
     are integrated on the carrier by depositing magneto resistive material and
     patterning the material so as to provide sensors in the vicinity of
     current paths. Also preferably, the carrier is an interposer 12 with
     connecting wiring, which is packaged with one or more integrated circuit
     chips before mounting the interposer on a printed circuit board 19."
"A magnetic memory device includes a memory cell portion, a peripheral
     circuit portion positioned in the vicinity of the memory cell portion, a
     plurality of first magnetoresistive effect elements which are arranged in
     the memory cell portion and function as memory elements, and a plurality
     of second magnetoresistive effect elements which are arranged in at least
     a part of the peripheral circuit portion and function as dummies, wherein
     a sum total of occupying areas of the second magnetoresistive effect
     elements is 5% to 80% of the peripheral circuit portion."
"A giant magnetoresistive stack for use in a magnetic read head has a
     plurality of layers including at least one ferromagnetic layer which
     contributes to a giant magnetoresistive signal, a doped ferromagnetic
     pinned layer and a doped ferromagnetic underlayer which do not contribute
     to a giant magnetoresistive signal. The dopant in the doped ferromagnetic
     pinned layer and underlayer reduces parasitic shunting current through the
     giant magnetoresistive stack by providing an increase in resistivity
     without a decrease in magnetization."
"Electromagnetic transducers are disclosed having write poles with a leading
     edge that is smaller than a trailing edge, which can reduce erroneous
     writing for perpendicular recording systems. The write poles may have a
     trapezoidal shape when viewed from a direction of an associated medium.
     The write poles may be incorporated in heads or sliders that also contain
     read elements such as magnetoresistive sensors, and may be employed with
     information storage systems such as disk drives."
"A rotary position sensor includes a cylindrical housing having a partition
     wall which divides the interior of the housing into a first storing space
     and a second storing space. The first storing space stores a rotating
     mechanism and is closed with a first cover in such a manner that a shaft
     portion of a rotating member projects outside, and the second storing
     space stores an electrical circuit component and is closed with a second
     cover. A magnet included in the rotating mechanism is disposed at a
     position close to the partition wall, and a giant magnetoresistive element
     included in the electrical circuit component is disposed in a recess
     formed in the partition wall. Thus, the rotating mechanism and the
     electrical circuit component are completely separated from each other by
     the partition wall, so that a complex sealing process is not necessary and
     the detection accuracy can be increased."
"A magnetoresistance effect film includes a substrate, a plurality of
     ferromagnetic particles disposed on the substrate, a nonmagnetic film
     deposited on the substrate and covering the plurality of ferromagnetic
     particles, and a pair of electrodes arranged on the nonmagnetic film, in
     which the resistance across the pair of electrodes is changed by applying
     a magnetic field. The magnetoresistance effect film is manufactured by
     vapor-depositing ferromagnetic particle starting material on a substrate
     at a temperature not exceeding 300.degree. C., the starting material being
     vapor-deposited in an amount enough to cover the substrate surface to a
     thickness ranging from 0.5 to 15 nm, and, after formation of ferromagnetic
     particles on the substrate, vapor-depositing at a temperature not
     exceeding room temperature a nonmagnetic film over the ferromagnetic
     particles, the nonmagnetic film having a thickness ranging from 1 to 100
     nm, and providing a pair of electrodes each at a predetermined position on
     the nonmagnetic film."
"MR spectroscopy and imaging methods for imaging pulmonary and cardiac
     vasculature and the cardiac region and evaluating blood flow or
     circulatory deficits use dissolved phase polarized .sup.129 Xe gas and
     large flip angle excitation pulses. Pulmonary and cardiac vasculature MRI
     images are obtained by delivering gas to a patient via inhalation such as
     with a breath-hold delivery-procedure, exciting the dissolved phase gas
     with a large flip angle pulse, and generating a corresponding image.
     Preferably, the image is obtained using multi-echo imaging techniques.
     Blood flow is quantified using low field MR spectroscopy and an RF
     excitation pulse with a frequency which corresponds to the resonance of
     the dissolved phase .sup.129 Xe."
"A magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) cell, comprising a magnetic
     tunnel junction having frustrated magnetic reservoirs disposed oppositely
     along two edges of a free magnetic layer of the junction and magnetized in
     the same direction that is substantially orthogonal to a free magnetic
     layer."
"A ferromagnetic shield material having a minimized anisotropic
     magneto-resistance effect permits the use of a combined shield/electrical
     lead for magneto-resistive read elements. The shields/electrical leads may
     therefore be placed closer together, maximizing the recording density that
     may be read by a magnetic recording head using a read element having such
     shields/leads."
"A ferromagnetic tunnel junction element to produce a high ratio of
     magnetoresistance at finite voltages including the element operating
     voltage, and a device provided therewith such as tunnel magnetoresistive
     head, magnetic head slider, and magnetic disk drive. The ferromagnetic
     tunnel junction element has a laminate structure of ferromagnetic
     layer/metallic layer/insulating layer/metallic layer/ferromagnetic layer.
     (The metallic layer is one atom thick or two atoms thick.) The metallic
     layer and insulating layer have the crystalline regularity. The element is
     capable of detecting magnetism with its high magnetoresistivity, about
     three times that of conventional elements, at finite voltages. This
     element makes it possible to realize a highly sensitive magnetoresistive
     head. The magnetic head is used for the magnetic head slider which
     realizes a magnetic disk drive capable of reproducing magnetic information
     with high sensitivity."
"A magnetic head including an MR head and a write head exposed to a
     medium-sliding surface. The MR head includes a magnetoresistive element
     and slides over a magnetic recording medium to read information
     magnetically recorded in the magnetic recording medium. The MR head
     further includes a shield layer and a shield core layer which includes a
     shield section and a core section. A smear-preventing layer is provided
     between the shield section and the core section in the shield core layer,
     the smear-preventing layer protruding from the medium-sliding surface
     farther than at least the core section. The write head includes a gap
     layer and a thin-film coil section deposited in that order on the shield
     core layer, and a magnetic core layer deposited over the gap layer and the
     thin-film coil section so as to be insulated from the thin-film coil
     section."
"A magnetic memory device capable of achieving high reliability and superior
     operation characteristics of tunneling magneto-resistive (TMR) elements is
     provided. This magnetic memory device includes a semiconductor substrate,
     a transistor which is formed above the semiconductor substrate, and a TMR
     element which is formed on or above an interlayer dielectric film that
     covers the transistor of the substrate. The device also includes a first
     wiring line which is buried in the interlayer dielectric film and
     connected to a source/drain diffusion layer of the transistor, a second
     wiring line which is buried under the TMR element while overlying the
     first wiring line within the interlayer dielectric film and which is used
     to apply a current-created magnetic field to the TMR element during
     writing, and a third wiring line connected to an upper surface of the TMR
     element and provided to cross the second wiring line. The third wiring
     line is for applying a current magnetic field to the TMR element during
     writing and also for causing a cell current to flow during reading. The
     second wiring line is formed by patterning techniques so that its both
     edges are placed outside of a pattern of the TMR element."
"Fine projections on a magnetic layer surface are controlled so as to reduce
     a media noise and improve C/N.sub.media characteristic. A magnetic
     recording medium allows reproduction through a MR head or a GMR head. The
     magnetic layer on a main surface of a non-magnetic base has a coercive
     force of 80 KA/m or more and 180 KA/m or less. Assuming that a height of
     the fine projections is h and a diameter of the fine projections at a
     half-height h/2 is .phi..sub.h/2, 99% of the fine projections having a
     height not less than 10 nm satisfy a relationship as expressed by 100
     nm.gtoreq..phi..sub.h/2.gtoreq.40 nm."
"It is difficult to fabricate a semiconductor memory device without any
     faulty memory storage cells. One solution is to produce more storage cells
     than needed on a device and faulty storage cells are replaced by the
     redundant storage cells. This solution requires that the addresses of the
     faulty storage cells, along with the replacement storage cells, be saved
     in a memory. The present invention teaches the use of non-volatile memory
     cells, particularly magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) cells, to
     store the addresses. Non-volatile memory cells can effectively replace the
     laser fuses currently used and also provides an advantage in the
     elimination of the laser fuse-burning step during the fabrication of the
     device."
"A TMR device comprising an antiferromagnetic layer made of an
     antiferromagnetic material containing Mn, a magnetization fixed layer made
     of a ferromagnetic material, a tunnel barrier layer made of a dielectric
     material, and a magnetization free layer made of a ferromagnetic material.
     An insulator material layer is inserted in the magnetization fixed layer
     at a distance from the antiferromagnetic material layer and the tunnel
     barrier layer. One material can be expressed by NX, where X is a first
     element selected from the group consisting of oxygen, nitrogen and carbon;
     and N is a second element, provided that the bonding energy between the
     first and the second elements is higher than the bonding energy between
     manganese and the first element. A second material can be expressed by MX,
     where M is an element selected from the group consisting of titanium,
     tantalum, vanadium, aluminum, europium, and scandium; and X is an element
     selected from the group consisting of oxygen, nitrogen and carbon. The
     tunnel magnetoresistance effect device suppresses the diffusion of Mn from
     the Mn based alloy constituting the antiferromagnetic material layer even
     after heat treatment is performed."
"A Giant Magneto-Resistive (GMR) sensor (800) provides increased GMR effect
     through the use of composite laminate structure (870) as the second of two
     self-pinned layers of Anti-Parallel (AP) self-pinned layer 865. A positive
     magnetostrictive material forms the embedded layer (820) of AP pinned
     layer (865) to increase the perpendicular to Air Bearing Surface (ABS)
     intrinsic anisotropy field (H.sub.k). The embedded layer (820) of AP
     pinned layer (865) has no effect on the GMR stack texture, since outer
     ferromagnetic layers (815 and 825) are provided to control the GMR stack
     texture."
"A dual-stripe current-pinned spin valve magnetoresistive read sensor
     includes a first soft ferromagnetic (FM) layer separated from a second
     soft FM layer by a first spacer layer formed of conductive material. The
     first spacer layer is also configured to receive a first biasing current
     for generating a first magnetic field of sufficient strength to saturate
     the first soft FM layer. The read sensor further includes a third soft FM
     layer and a fourth soft FM layer separated by a second spacer layer formed
     of conductive material. The second spacer layer is configured to receive a
     second biasing current for generating a second magnetic field of
     sufficient strength to saturate the fourth soft FM layer. An insulation
     layer also is disposed between the second soft FM layer and the third FM
     layer. The first and second biasing currents thereby pin magnetizations of
     the first and fourth soft FM layers, while having a combined negligible
     effect on magnetizations of substantial portions of the second and third
     soft ferromagnetic layers."
"A transducing head according to the present invention includes a pair of
     electrodes, a pair of biasing elements and a magnetoresistive sensor. The
     magnetoresistive sensor is positioned between the pair of electrodes. The
     magnetoresistive sensor includes a pair of flux guides and a free layer
     positioned substantially co-planar with and between the pair of flux
     guides. The pair of electrodes are for providing a sense current to the
     free layer in a direction substantially perpendicular to a plane of the
     free layer. The pair of biasing elements are positioned on opposing sides
     of the magnetoresistive sensor for providing longitudinal bias to the free
     layer."
"A cleaning tape comprising a nonmagnetic base film, an evaporated metal
     layer, specifically a magnetic layer or electroconductive layer, formed on
     the nonmagnetic base film, an inorganic protective film formed on the
     evaporated metal layer, and surface projections formed on the nonmagnetic
     base film by particles having a predetermined diameter and density. The
     tape has a low electric resistivity, a low head abrasion, and a sufficient
     cleaning effect suitable for cleaning a magnetoresistive type head."
"A bi-directional fiber optic jumper that connects two fiber optic system
     common wavelength fibers is disclosed. The retraction of the jumper
     exposes fiber connections and enables a system reconfiguration such as
     adding or dropping of common wavelengths into open fiber connections. A
     magnet is provided in the chassis of the jumper to engage a
     magneto-resistive device, such as a Hall effect sensor feature, that is
     contained on an optical add/drop device product chassis. The Hall effect
     sensor facilitates monitoring of insertion or withdrawal of the fiber
     channel jumper from the optical add/drop device."
"An integrated memory with a configuration of non-volatile memory cells
     based on ferromagnetic storage contains both powerful memory cells with a
     magnetoresistive effect with a transistor control and cost-effective
     memory cells with a magnetoresistive effect with memory elements connected
     between the word lines and bit lines. The memory elements connected
     directly between the bit line and the word line are preferably inserted in
     memory cell arrays that can be stacked one above the other above the
     memory cells with the transistor, and thereby achieve a high integration
     density. The fact that the memory, which contains both types and thereby
     satisfies all the system requirements, is fabricated in one module and in
     one process sequence considerably lowers the fabrication costs."
"A magnetoresistive effect element which is easy to manufacture and in which
     a sense current is prevented from bypassing a barrier layer is provided.
     Also provided are a method for manufacturing the element and a magnetic
     recording apparatus utilizing the element. This magnetoresistive effect
     element utilizes an MTJ film which comprises, for forming its basic
     structure, a free layer, a barrier layer, a pinned layer and a pinning
     layer, wherein an oxide or a nitride layer is formed by oxidizing or
     nitriding metallic materials constituting the pinned layer and pinning
     layer."
"The present invention provides a spin-valve magnetoresistance sensor in
     which are formed, on top of the substrate, free layers, and pinned layers,
     enclosing a nonmagnetic spacer layer, and an antiferromagnetic layer
     adjacent to the pinned layers. The sensor is also equipped with a back
     layer including at least two nonmagnetic metal layers adjacent to the free
     layers on the side of the free layers opposite the nonmagnetic spacer
     layer. The back layer has at least one nonmagnetic metal layer of Cu with
     high electrical conductivity, preferably formed adjacent to the free
     layers, as for example in a two-layer structure of Cu and Ru or a
     three-layer structure Ru/Cu/Ru. In addition to a high read output,
     fluctuations in H.sub.int with the film thickness of the back layer can be
     suppressed and sensor characteristics stabilized, and high recording
     densities can be realized."
"A magnetization sensor for sensing write field characteristic of a
     perpendicular or longitudinal recording head such as may be used with a
     disc drive, and a method of manufacture therefor are disclosed. The sensor
     can be manufactured concurrently with the write head and incorporated
     therein. The magnetization sensor comprises a non-magnetic layer
     separating a hard magnetic layer and a soft magnetic layer, with
     electrical leads to provide a biasing and sensing current. The
     magnetization sensor can be either a giant magnetoresistive element or a
     tunneling magnetoresistive element, depending upon the non-magnetic layer
     used in the construction of the device."
"Disclosed is a magnetoresistive magnetic field sensor wherein the sense
     current flows perpendicular to the plane of the layers of the sensor. The
     sensor is biased into a linear operating region of the transfer curve
     using the sense current or a permanent magnet in conjunction with the
     sense current."
"A method for forming a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element. There is first
     provided a substrate. There is then formed over the substrate a seed
     layer. There is then formed contacting a pair of opposite ends of the seed
     layer a pair of patterned conductor lead layer structures. There is then
     etched, while employing an ion etch method, the seed layer and the pair of
     patterned conductor lead layer structures to form an ion etched seed layer
     and a pair of ion etched patterned conductor lead layer structures.
     Finally, there is then formed upon the ion etched seed layer and the pair
     of ion etched patterned conductor lead layers structures a
     magnetoresistive (MR) layered structure. Within the magnetoresistive (MR)
     sensor element, the pair of patterned conductor lead layer structures may
     be formed within a pair of recesses within an ion etch recessed dielectric
     isolation layer."
"A cleaning tape for a magnetic head system having a magnetoresistance
     effect head as a reproducing head, comprising a nonmagnetic support, and a
     cleaning layer containing a magnetic powder and a binder formed on one
     surface of said support, wherein said cleaning layer has a specific
     surface resistivity of 3.times.10.sup.3 to 5.times.10.sup.8
     .OMEGA./cm.sup.2, does not cause performance failure due to the
     electrostatic breakdown of the magnetic head or the generation of an
     electric current, which does not cause performance failure due to
     electrostatic breakdown of a magnetic head or the generation of an
     electric current."
"An apparatus and method for caching data in a disc storage system are
     provided. The disc storage system includes a host computer interface
     adapted to couple to a host computer, a disc storage medium having a disc
     surface and a spindle motor coupled to the disc adapted to rotate the
     disc. A transducer is positioned for reading and writing data on the disc
     surface. The system further includes a non-volatile magnetoresistive
     random access memory buffer adapted to temporarily store data during read
     and write operations and to store data during a power loss to the disc
     storage system."
"In a magnetic recording playback device, since minimum redundant bytes
     required for satisfying a target error rate are added, the addition of
     more redundant bytes than are necessary is reduced, whereby overwrite of
     the drive due to the redundant bytes is reduced. The size of redundant
     bytes to be added in a formatter block is varied according to the defect
     condition or electric characteristic of a medium on which data are to be
     written, or the electric characteristics of a write head for writing the
     data and an MR head for reproducing the written data."
"A coil interface allows a neurovascular coil system to be coupled to a
     magnetic resonance (MR) system. The neurovascular coil system has an array
     of coils including a birdcage coil, at least one spine coil, and at least
     one neck coil, with the MR system being equipped with a number of
     receivers. The coil interface includes a plurality of input ports, a
     plurality of output ports, and an interface circuit. The plurality of
     input ports are for coupling to the coils of the neruovascular coil
     system, and the plurality of output ports for coupling to the receivers of
     the MR system. The interface circuit enables the input ports and the
     output ports to be selectively interconnected, and thereby enables the
     neurovascular coil system to be selectively operated in (I) a
     neurovascular mode; (II) a high resolution brain mode; (III) a high speed
     brain mode; (IV) a high resolution brain and c-spine mode; (V) a cervical
     spine mode; and (VI) a volume neck mode."
"Synchronizing MR images to the motion of a patient, e.g., to the beating of
     the heart, respiration of the lungs, or motion of a limb, by extracting
     timing information from the MR imaging data, itself, rather than relying
     solely on additional data acquired solely for timing."
"Fabricating a magnetoresistive random access memory cell and a structure
     for a magnetoresistive random access memory cell begins by providing a
     substrate having a transistor formed therein. A contact element is formed
     electrically coupled to the transistor and a dielectric material is
     deposited within an area partially bounded by the contact element. A digit
     line is formed within the dielectric material, the digit line overlying a
     portion of the contact element. A conductive layer is formed overlying the
     digit line and in electrical communication with the contact element."
"A novel magnetic read/write system, in which a fixed MR head serves to read
     magnetically recorded data from a magnetic recording medium as it operates
     at a relative speed of 2.0 to 5.0 m/s with respect to the magnetic
     recording medium comprising a non-magnetic support and a magnetic layer. A
     fatty acid ester represented by general formula (I):
     ##STR1##
where R.sup.1 is a hydrocarbon having 4 or less carbons, and R.sup.2 is a
     straight-chain hydrocarbon having 12 or more carbons, exists between a
     read element of the MR head and the magnetic layer. This magnetic
     read/write system exhibits improved adherence to heads, running
     durability, and wear resistance of the tape in low temperature conditions
     as well as at room temperature."
"Provided is a magnetic recording medium ensuring an adequate S/N even in
     high density magnetic recording, and tending not to electrostatically
     damage MR heads during recording and reproduction employing MR heads. A
     magnetic recording medium comprising a nonmagnetic layer comprising a
     nonmagnetic powder and a binder and a magnetic layer comprising a
     ferromagnetic metal powder or a ferromagnetic hexagonal ferrite powder and
     a binder in this order on at least one side of a nonmagnetic support,
     wherein said nonmagnetic layer comprises 10 to 50 mass parts of carbon
     black with a mean particle diameter of 10 to 30 nm per 100 mass parts of
     said nonmagnetic powder, said magnetic layer has a thickness equal to or
     less than 0.2 .mu.m, the standard deviation b of the average intensity a
     of elements due to said ferromagnetic powder as determined by
     electron-beam microanalysis is 0.03.ltoreq.b/a.ltoreq.0.4, and said
     magnetic layer has a center surface average roughness Ra equal to or less
     than 5 nm and a ten-point average roughness Rz equal to or less than 50
     nm."
"A method and apparatus for a recording head using a spin-dependent
     tunneling (SDT) junction. The SDT junction utilizes an aluminum oxide
     tunnel barrier. The tunnel barrier can be formed to a thickness comparable
     with a typical Cu spacer layer on a spin valve. With the SDT junction,
     current is applied perpendicular to the plane of the film. The SDT
     junctions can have high magneto-resistance up to 40%. The magnetoresistive
     qualities of a head design incorporating the SDT junction are not directly
     related to head resistance, head geometry, bias current and film
     thickness. The method can include forming a spin tunnel barrier by
     fashioning a stack into a bottom electrode, defining a junction,
     depositing a layer of insulator, performing a photoprocess, depositing an
     upper electrode layer and lifting off the top electrode layer to define
     the electrode. The stack can include a pinned layer, a barrier layer and a
     free layer. The pinned layer can include NiFe. The barrier layer can
     include AlO.sub.x. The free layer can include Co. The junction can be
     defined with an ion mill and the insulator can include Al.sub.2 O.sub.3.
     In addition, the top electrode layer can include Cu."
"In a method for determining the position of at least one local antenna in
     an examination space of a magnetic resonance (MR) system, magnetic
     resonance signals emitted by a body arranged in the examination space are
     received by the at least one local antenna location-encoded in at least
     one coordinate direction, intensity values that are spatially resolved in
     the coordinate direction are generated from the received magnetic
     resonance signals, and the position of the local antenna in the coordinate
     direction is determined from a curve of the intensity values along the
     coordinate direction, the intensity values having been subjected as needed
     to post-processing. The determination of the position of the local antenna
     ensues by adapting a function to the curve of the intensity values, the
     function being manipulable to approximate the shape of a sensitivity
     profile of the local antenna, and the position of a maximum of the adapted
     function is utilized as the position of the local antenna. A
     noise-insensitive determination of the position of local antennas with
     high precision is achieved."
"A magnetic memory device includes a magnetoresistance configured to store
     information. A first wiring is provided along a first direction. The first
     wiring has a function of applying a magnetic field to the
     magnetoresistance element. The first wiring has a first surface and a
     second surface. The second surface faces the magnetoresistance element and
     the first surface is opposite to it. The second surface is smaller in
     width than the first surface."
"An electro-magnetic device, such as magnetic memory device, is disclosed
     that includes means for structuring, attenuating or eliminating stray
     fields at the boundaries that produce an offset in the magneto-resistive
     response. The device comprises a conductive first layer and the
     attenuating means comprises a sink layer, electro-magnetically coupled to
     the first layer, to attenuate the stray boundary magneto-resistive offset
     at a boundary of the first layer during electrical operation."
"A magneto-resistive CrO.sub.2 polymer composite blend comprising 90-95% by
     weight of the polymer preferably Low Density Poly Ethylene, 5-10% by
     weight of magnetic filler preferably CrO.sub.2 and 2-4% by weight of an
     additive, prepared by the process of mixing the said polymer, said
     CrO.sub.2 and said additive in a mortar pestle to obtain a homogenous
     mixture, the said mixture is heated at a temperature of 95-100.degree. C.
     to obtain a blended melt, the said blended melt is then casted between two
     metal plates to obtain sheets by applying the pressure."
"A method is provided for manufacturing a magnetoresistive device
     substructure. The substructure includes: a TMR element; a bias field
     inducing layer that covers the TMR element; and a front flux probe layer
     formed on the bias field inducing layer and introducing a signal flux to
     the TMR element. In the manufacturing method, the TMR element and a dummy
     element are first formed. The dummy element has a shape similar to the TMR
     element and located in a specific position with respect to the TMR
     element. Next, the bias field inducing layer is formed on the TMR element
     in a specific position referring to the position of the dummy element. At
     the same time, a dummy bias field inducing layer is formed in a position
     located off the dummy element. Next, the front flux probe layer and a
     dummy front flux probe layer are formed at the same time on the bias field
     inducing layer and the dummy element, respectively."
"The invention includes a magnetoresistive memory device having a memory bit
     stack. The stack includes a first magnetic layer, a second magnetic layer,
     and a non-magnetic layer between the first and second magnetic layers. A
     first conductive line is proximate the stack and configured for
     utilization in reading information from the memory bit. The first
     conductive line is ohmically connecting with either the first or second
     magnetic layer. A second conductive line is spaced from the stack by a
     sufficient distance that the second conductive line is not ohmically
     connected to the stack, and is configured for utilization in writing
     information to the memory bit. The invention also includes methods of
     storing and retrieving information."
"A tunneling magnetoresistive stack configured to operate in a
     current-perpendicular-to-plane mode has a plurality of layers including a
     barrier layer. The TMR stack has a plurality of layers including a barrier
     layer, wherein the barrier layer is comprised of an insulating material
     selected from a group consisting of HfO, HfAlO, ZrO, TiO, TaO or NdO. The
     TMR stack exhibits a low resistance-area (RA) product, a stable
     magnetoresistive (MR) ratio, a lower RA product, a higher breakdown
     voltage of the TMR stack and enhanced thermal stability."
"A giant magnetoresistive (GMR) stack configured to operate in a
     current-perpendicular-to-plane (CPP) mode includes a ferromagnetic free
     layer, at least one synthetic antiferromagnet, at least one nonmagnetic
     spacer layer, and at least one antiferromagnetic pinning layer. The
     ferromagnetic free layer has a rotatable magnetic moment. The synthetic
     antiferromagnet includes a ferromagnetic reference layer having a fixed
     magnetic moment, a ferromagnetic pinned layer having a fixed magnetic
     moment, and a coupling layer positioned between the reference layer and
     the pinned layer, wherein the coupling layer is selected from the group
     consisting of Cu, Ag and CuAg. The nonmagnetic spacer layer is positioned
     between the free layer and the synthetic antiferromagnet. The
     antiferromagnetic pinning layer is positioned adjacent to the synthetic
     antiferromagnet."
"Provided are a method of magnetic recording and reproducing capable of
     permitting high density recording on magnetic recording media even under
     the condition of high data transfer rates and yielding adequate recording
     and reproduction characteristics when an MR head is used in reproduction,
     and a magnetic recording medium capable of being used in this magnetic
     recording and reproducing method. The magnetic recording and reproducing
     method is a method for reproducing a signal magnetically recorded on a
     magnetic recording medium with a magnetoresistive (MR) head. The magnetic
     recording medium comprises a substantially nonmagnetic lower layer and a
     magnetic layer comprising a hexagonal ferrite ferromagnetic powder and a
     binder in this order on at least one side of a nonmagnetic support, in
     which said hexagonal ferrite ferromagnetic powder has a mean plate
     diameter ranging from 15 to 40 nm and a mean plate thickness ranging from
     4 to 15 nm, and said magnetic layer has a coercive force Hc ranging from
     143.3 to 318.4 kA/m, and said signal magnetically recorded has a maximum
     recording frequency ranging from 10 to 80 MHz."
"A vehicle detecting system and method for use on a specific location such
     as an airport, including a sensor string nominally perpendicular to the
     direction of vehicle travel at the location. The sensor string includes at
     least one magnetic field sensor and a transmitter for transmitting signals
     from the at least one sensor to a monitoring point. A plurality of sensors
     is preferred. The transmitter includes a control unit for receiving the
     signals and a sender for sending the signals to the monitoring point. The
     preferred magnetic field sensor is a magnetoresisteive sensor having a
     field range of at least .+-.5 gauss. A preferred location for the sensor
     string is in a groove in the surface."
"A tunneling magneto-resistance element forming an MTJ memory cell is
     connected between a bit line and a strap. In each memory cell column, the
     strap is shared by the plurality of tunneling magneto-resistance elements
     in the same row block. The access transistor is connected between strap
     and ground voltage, and is turned on/off in response to a corresponding
     word line. Storage data is read from the selected memory cell based on a
     comparison between results of data reading effected on a memory cell group
     coupled to the same strap before and after application of a predetermined
     magnetic field to the selected memory cell."
"A magnetic tunnel junction sensor is provided having a laminated free layer
     comprising a first sublayer formed of Co--Fe in contact with a spacer
     layer and a second sublayer formed of Ni--Fe--Mo. The Ni--Fe--Mo material
     of the second sublayer has a magnetocrystalline anisotropy constant, k,
     that is much smaller than that of Ni--Fe. Due to the small value of k of
     the Ni--Fe--Mo material used to fabricate the second sublayer of the free
     layer, the thickness of the Co--Fe first sublayer may be increased to
     improve manufacturability while retaining a low net stiffness of the free
     layer for high sensitivity of the MTJ sensor in response to signal fields
     from data magnetically recorded on a disk. The thicker Co--Fe first
     sublayer results in a higher magnetoresistance coefficient of the improved
     MTJ sensor."
"A nonlinear transition shift (NLTS) measurement procedure for read/write
     heads employing a giant magnetoresistive (GMR) merged heads. The method of
     this invention includes the pulse-shape distortion effects on recording
     nonlinearity, which can significantly affect the existing theoretical
     formulae for calculating nonlinearity correction factor from measured
     partial erasure values, and second-order approximation of equation of NLTS
     and nonlinearity correction factor. Transition broadening effects (TBE)
     and partial erasure (PE) are incorporated in the NLTS measurement
     procedure to permit accurate isolation of the NLTS from the unrelated
     TBE/PE and GMR nonlinear transfer characteristic (NTC). First, a fifth
     harmonic elimination (5HE) test is performed at bit period T to measure a
     first nonlinearity value X. Then two partial erasure (PE) tests are done
     at two different densities, one below the PE threshold to measure a second
     nonlinearity value X.sub.S and the other at the same density as the 5HE
     test to measure a third nonlinearity value X.sub.h. Finally, the NLTS is
     computed by combining the first, second and third nonlinearity values."
"A method of correcting distortions in magnetic resonance (MR) data is
     described. The method comprises providing distorted MR data of an object
     of interest and distortion parameters for one or more generic objects,
     determining transformation parameters correlating the object of interest
     and one or more of the generic objects, and processing the distorted MR
     data taking into account the distortion parameters and the transformation
     parameters to obtain corrected MR data."
"There is provided an MR manufacturing method comprising a film-forming
     process for forming a multilayer film including at least an
     antiferromagnetic layer 4, a fixed layer 3 and a spacer layer 5, a first
     patterning process for patterning the multilayer film after a
     predetermined pattern, a filing process for filling up the circumference
     of the patterned multilayer film, with an insulating layer 13 a process
     for forming a magnetic flux guide layer or a free layer also acting as the
     magnetic flux guide layer over this insulating layer 13 and the patterned
     multilayer film and a second patterning process by beam etching for
     simultaneously patterning the magnetic flux guide layer and the
     above-mentioned multilayer film to form the above-mentioned multilayer
     structure portion, wherein an incident angle of the etching beam are
     selected so that an angle .theta. of an etching surface relative to a
     normal is selected in a range of from
     10.degree..ltoreq..theta..ltoreq.40.degree., preferably,
     15.degree..ltoreq..theta..ltoreq.35.degree.. Thus, etch rates of the
     materials composing the multilayer structure portion and materials
     compoising the insulating layer become nearly equal, whereby etchings at
     the respective portions can be achieved satisfactorily with high accuracy.
     As a result, characteristics of the magneto-resistive effect element and
     the magneto-resistive effect type magnetic head can be stabilized, and the
     yield thereof can be improved."
"An onboard electronic lapping guide for lapping a magneto-resistive head
     having a magneto-resistive sensor element disposed for electrical
     communication with a pair of sensor electrical leads. The lapping guide
     includes an electronic lapping guide resistive element disposed for
     electrical communication with the sensor electrical leads. The resistive
     element has a predetermined height in a lapping direction and is adapted
     to produce an electrical resistance in the presence of a lapping current
     that increases as said resistive element height is reduced during lapping.
     A lapping method and a method of forming the onboard electronic lapping
     guide are also disclosed."
"A magnetoresistance sensor includes a substrate and a sensor structure
     deposited upon the substrate and having a first lateral side and a second
     lateral side. The sensor structure includes a layered transverse biasing
     structure, a free layer deposited upon the layered transverse biasing
     structure, and a cap layer deposited upon a central portion of the free
     layer but not upon a side portion of the free layer adjacent to each
     lateral side. Longitudinal hard biasing structures are disposed laterally
     adjacent to the lateral sides of the sensor structure. Each longitudinal
     hard biasing structure has a magnetic seed layer deposited upon the
     substrate, the respective lateral side of the sensor structure, and the
     respective side portion of the free layer. A magnetic hard bias layer is
     deposited upon the seed layer."
"The first and second side surfaces of either a bottom spin valve sensor or
     a top spin valve sensor are notched so as to enable a reduction in the
     magnetoresistive coefficient of side portions of the sensor beyond the
     track width region thereby minimizing side reading by the sensor. The
     first and second notches of the spin valve sensor are then filled with
     layers in various embodiments of the invention to complete the spin valve
     sensor."
"The present invention provides a magnetic head having improved
     characteristics, using a magnetoresistive device in which current flows
     across the film plane such as a TMR device. In a first magnetic head of
     the present invention, when the area of a non-magnetic layer is defined as
     a device cross-section area, and the area of a yoke is defined as a yoke
     area, viewed along the direction perpendicular to the surface of the
     substrate over which the yoke and the magnetoresistive device are formed,
     then the device cross-section area is not less than 30% of the yoke area,
     so that a resistance increase of the device cross-section area is
     suppressed. In a second magnetic head of the present invention, a
     magnetoresistive device is formed on a substrate, and a yoke is provided
     above a non-magnetic layer constituting the device. In a third magnetic
     head of the present invention, the free layer of the magnetoresistive
     device includes at least two magnetic films and at least one non-magnetic
     film that are laminated alternately, and the thickness of the non-magnetic
     layer is not less than 2 nm and not more than 10 nm, and magnetostatic
     coupling is dominant. In a fourth magnetic head of the present invention,
     a magnetic gap is provided adjacent to the magnetoresistive device and the
     magnetic films are coupled antiferromagnetically."
"A read head is provided having having ultrathin read gap layers with
     improved insulative properties between a magnetoresistive sensor and
     ferromagnetic shield layers. The read head comprises a magnetoresistive
     sensor with first and second shield cap layers made of high resistivity
     permeable magnetic material formed between the first and second
     ferromagnetic shields and the first and second insulative read gap layers,
     respectively. The shield cap layers made of Fe--Hf--O.sub.x material, or
     alternatively, the Mn--Zn ferrite material provide highly resistive or
     insulating soft ferromagnetic layers which add to the electrically
     insulative read gap layers to provide increased electrical insulation of
     the spin valve sensor from the metallic ferromagnetic shields while not
     adding to the magnetic read gap of the read head. The extra insulation
     provided by the highly resistive shield cap layers makes it possible to
     use ultrathin insulative first and second read gap layers without
     increased risk of electrical shorting between the spin valve sensor and
     the ferromagnetic first and second shields."
"In a tunneling magneto-resistance element, first and second free magnetic
     layers have a magnetization direction according to storage data. The first
     and second magnetic layers are arranged with an intermediate layer
     interposed therebetween. The intermediate layer is formed from a
     non-magnetic conductor. In data write operation, a data write current
     having a direction according to a write data level is supplied to the
     intermediate layer. A magnetic field generated by the current flowing
     through the intermediate layer magnetizes the first and second free
     magnetic layers with a looped manner."
"A magnetic memory includes first and second magnetoresistance effect
     elements (C1, C2) stacked on and under a first wiring (BL); and second and
     third wirings (DL1, DL2) extending perpendicularly to the first wiring
     (BL), such that one of two values of two-valued information is recorded by
     supplying a current to the first wiring while supplying a current to the
     second and third wirings respectively, and thereby simultaneously
     reverting magnetization in recording layers of the first and second
     magnetoresistance effect elements to predetermined directions
     respectively; and a difference between output signals obtained from the
     first and second magnetoresistance effect elements by supplying a sense
     current thereto via the first wiring is detected and read out as one of
     two values of the two-valued information."
"A magnetic random access memory using magnetic domain drag and giant
     magnetoresistance (GMR) or tunnel magnetoresistance (TMR) and a method of
     operating the same, wherein the magnetic random access memory includes a
     data storage unit including a fixed layer, a non-magnetic layer, and a
     free layer having two ends; a data input means electrically connected to
     both ends of the free layer, for applying current to the free layer to
     input data into the data storage unit; and a data output means
     electrically connected to the free layer and the fixed layer to output
     data stored in the data storage unit. Accordingly, a magnetic random
     access memory according to the present invention has superior performance
     than one using a switching field to record data."
"A tunneling magnetoresistive (TMR) stack configured to operate in a
     current-perpendicular-to-plane (CPP) mode has a plurality of layers
     including a spin valve and a barrier layer. The spin valve is used to
     inject a spin polarized sense current into the barrier layer for
     increasing a magnetoresistive (MR) ratio of the TMR stack."
"A magnetic layer which is exchange-coupled to an antiferromagnetic layer
     and given an exchange bias therefrom is laminated via a non-magnetic layer
     on another magnetic layer to form an MR film. The antiferromagnetic layer
     (PtMn, PdMn or NiMn) is laminated on a ground layer (Zr, Hf, Zr--Hf,
     Zr--Co, Zr--Au, Ni--O, Co--O or Fe--O) so that the antiferromagnetic layer
     has a surface of an average roughness of 1-5 .ANG.. A conduction layer is
     formed adjacent to the magnetic layer for sensing a magnetic field. The
     conduction layer is made of Cu, Ag, Au or an alloy composed of two
     selected therefrom. A layer made of Zr, Ta, Zr--O, Ta--O or a mixture
     thereof is laminated on the conduction layer. The MR film exhibits a large
     resistance variation linearly at near zero magnetic field with an
     excellent thermal stability."
"A current perpendicular-to-the-plane (CPP) structure spin valve
     magnetoresistive (MR) transducer includes an insulating layer. A pinned or
     free ferromagnetic layer serves to space or isolate the insulating layer
     from a non-magnetic spacer layer interposed between the pinned and free
     ferromagnetic layers. The sensing current is allowed to penetrate through
     the insulating layer. Fine pin-holes generally formed in the insulating
     layer are supposed to enable migration of electrons through the insulating
     layer. Similar to the situation in which the sensing current is allowed to
     flow through a reduced sectional area, a larger variation can be obtained
     in response to the inversion of the magnetization in the free
     ferromagnetic layer. The spin valve MR transducer is expected to greatly
     contribute to realization of a still higher recording density. Moreover,
     the spin valve MR transducer is also expected to exhibit an electric
     resistance approximately equal to a tenth part of that of a well-known
     tunnel junction magnetoresistive (TMR) element. Accordingly, a thermal
     noise can significantly be suppressed in the spin valve MR transducer as
     compared with the TMR element."
"A CPP sensor includes a free layer which is located between first and
     second spacer layers and the first and second spacer layers are located
     between first and second AP pinned layer structures. Each of the AP pinned
     layer structures has first and second AP pinned layers with the first AP
     pinned layer of the first AP pinned layer structure interfacing the first
     spacer layer and the first AP pinned layer of the second AP pinned layer
     structure interfacing the second spacer layer. The second AP pinned layer
     of each of the first and second AP pinned layer structures is composed of
     a material which causes each AP pinned layer structure to be self-pinned.
     This eliminates the need for first and second antiferromagnetic (AFM)
     pinning layers so that the gaps of a read head employing the sensor and
     the resistance of the sensor are reduced to increase the linear read bit
     density of the read head and the magnetoresistive coefficient of the
     sensor respectively."
"In axial magnetic bearing apparatus in which a rotary disc made of a
     magnetic material is fixedly attached to a rotating shaft, and
     electromagnets are disposed on opposite sides of the rotary disc so as to
     have suitable very small distances therefrom respectively, so as to bear
     the rotating shaft axially in a non-contact state, a deep groove for
     forming an air layer having large magneto-resistance is provided all over
     the outer circumference of the rotary disc. Thus, formation of a magnetic
     circuit not contributing to position control is relieved, and the weight
     of the disc is reduced so that the position control performance of the
     axial magnetic bearing and the natural frequency of a rotor are improved."
"A magnetoresistve memory device includes a magnetoresistive element and a
     wiring for applying a magnetic field to the magnetoresistive element. The
     wiring includes two or more conductive wires that extend in the same
     direction. A plurality of conductive wires is used to apply a magnetic
     field to a single magnetoresistive element, thereby achieving high-speed
     response and suppressing crosstalk."
"A magneto-resistive effect memory element according to the present
     invention includes a first ferromagnetic film; a second ferromagnetic
     film; a first nonmagnetic film provided between the first ferromagnetic
     film and the second ferromagnetic film, a first conductive film for
     generating a magnetic field for causing magnetization inversion in at
     least one of the first ferromagnetic film and the second ferromagnetic
     film, the first conductive film not being electrically in contact with the
     first ferromagnetic film or the second ferromagnetic film; and a second
     conductive film and a third conductive film for supplying an electric
     current to the first ferromagnetic film, the first nonmagnetic film, and
     the second ferromagnetic film. The first ferromagnetic film and the second
     ferromagnetic film have different magnetization inversion characteristics
     with respect to the magnetic field, and the first nonmagnetic film
     contains at least a nitride."
"A magnetic random access memory (MRAM) device having parallel memory planes
     is disclosed. Each memory plane includes a first magneto-resistive cross
     point plane of memory cells, a second magneto-resistive cross point plane
     of memory cells, a plurality of conductive word lines shared between the
     first and second planes of memory cells, a first plurality of bit lines,
     each of the first plurality of bit lines coupling one or more cells from
     the first plane to at least one other memory cell in the first plane, a
     second plurality of bit lines, each of the second plurality of bit lines
     coupling one or more cells from the second plane to at least one other
     memory cell in the second plane, and a plurality of unidirectional
     elements. Further, the one unidirectional element couples a first memory
     cell from the first plane to a selected word line and a selected bit line
     in a first conductive direction and a second unidirectional element
     couples a second cell from the second plane to the selected word line and
     selected bit line in a second conductive direction. The device further
     provides for a unidirectional conductive path to form from a memory cell
     in the first plane to a memory cell in the second plane sharing the same
     bit line."
"A current-in-the-plane (CIP) giant magnetoresistive (GMR) spin valve sensor
     has its free layer magnetization stabilized by longitudinal biasing
     through the use of free layer end-region antiferromagnetic exchange
     coupling. An antiparallel coupling (APC) layer, such as Ru, is formed on
     the free layer and a ferromagnetic bias layer is formed on the APC layer.
     The bias layer is a continuous layer that extends across the entire width
     of the free layer. The central region of the bias layer is formed of
     nonmagnetic oxides of one or more of the elements making up the bias
     layer, with the bias layer end regions remaining ferromagnetic. The
     oxidized central region of the bias layer defines the central active
     trackwidth region of the underlying free layer. The ferromagnetic end
     regions of the bias layer are antiferromagnetically coupled across the APC
     layer to the corresponding underlying free layer end regions to provide
     the longitudinal biasing."
"There is provided a magnetoresistive head which can realize high
     sensitivity and low noise even when the reading track is being reduced.
     Longitudinal biasing is performed to a ferromagnetic free layer whose
     magnetization is rotated according to an external magnetic field by
     providing unidirectional magnetic anisotropy by exchange coupling to an
     antiferromagnetic layer. A hard magnetic film is arranged at the edge of a
     magnetoresistive film to reduce an effective reading track width."
"A process, computer program product, and apparatus for detecting and
     quantifying crosstalk instability in a read/write mechanism are provided.
     A write current is varied in a write circuit for exciting the write head.
     Measurements are taken of a magnetoresistive impedance of a read current
     of a read circuit. Measurements are also taken of a signal amplitude in
     the read circuit. A bit error rate of the overall system is also measured.
     The read/write mechanism is failed if the signal amplitude changes by a
     predetermined amount during the varying of the write current. Likewise,
     the read/write mechanism is failed if the error rate changes by a
     predetermined amount during the varying of the write current. The
     write-to-read signal coupling of HGA (Head Gimbal Assembly) and HSA (Head
     Stack Assembly), including GMR sensor, suspension and flex cable on the
     actuator arm, can be evaluated at component design level. The
     methodologies successfully simulate GMR cross talk instability inside a
     drive on magnetic testers. Therefore, a good prediction of drive failure
     rate can be achieved."
"A magnetoresistive tunnel element includes first and second electrodes and
     a tunnel barrier disposed between the two electrodes, the tunnel barrier
     having at least two barrier layers made of different barrier materials,
     the profile of a quantum mechanical barrier height within the tunnel
     barrier being asymmetrical and the conductivity of the tunnel element,
     therefore, being dependent on the polarity of a voltage U.sub.m between
     the two electrodes. Also provided is a magnetoresistive memory cell, a
     cell array of magnetoresistive memory cells, and a memory device having
     cell arrays."
"Intraoperative ultrasound (US) is integrated with stereotactic systems,
     where a system interactively registers two-dimensional (2D) US and
     three-dimensional (3D) magnetic resonance (MR) images. The registration is
     based on tracking a US probe with a bC magnetic position sensor. A
     transformation algorithm is performed to transform coordinates of points
     between two different spaces, where MR and US image spaces are
     independently registered with the position sensor space and where
     coordinate points can be registered between the MR and US spaces. A
     calibration procedure can be performed, and a phantom can be used to
     determine and analyze registration errors. The registered MR images can
     reconstructed using either zero-order or first-order interpolation."
"An integrated magnetoresistive semiconductor memory system, in which n
     memory cells that contain two magnetic layers each separated by a thin
     dielectric barrier, and associated word lines and bit lines that cross one
     another are vertically stacked in n layers. The system further contains a
     decoding circuit for selecting one of the n memory layers. The decoding
     circuit, on both ends of a word line or a bit line, is provided with one
     configuration each that contains n layer selecting transistors for
     selecting one of the n memory layers, and with a line selection transistor
     for selecting the respective horizontal word line or bit line on which a
     voltage is to be impressed."
"A trilayer seed layer structure is employed between a first read gap layer
     and a spin valve sensor for improving the magnetic and giant
     magnetoresistive properties and the thermal stability. In the spin valve
     sensor, the trilayer seed layer structure is located between a first read
     gap layer and a ferromagnetic free layer. The antiferromagnetic pinning
     layer is preferably nickel manganese (Ni--Mn). The trilayer seed layer
     structure includes a first seed layer that is a first metallic oxide, a
     second seed layer that is a second metallic oxide and a third seed layer
     that is a nonmagnetic metal. A preferred embodiment is a first seed layer
     of nickel oxide (NiO), a second seed layer of nickel manganese oxide
     (NiMnO.sub.x), and a third seed layer of copper (Cu)."
"A magnetoresistance effect device has the basic structure of
     substrate/sublayer/NiFe layer/CoFe layer/non-magnetic layer/fixed magnetic
     layer/antiferromagnetic layer. The sublayer may be Ta at a film thickness
     of not less than 0.2 nm but less than 3.0 nm, or Hf at a film thickness of
     not less than 0.2 nm but not greater than 1.5 nm, or Zr at a film
     thickness of not less than 0.2 nm but not greater than 2.5 nm. It is
     permissible to use only an NiFe layer instead of the NiFe layer/CoFe
     layer."
"A magnetic field sensor is described incorporating a plurality of magnetic
     stripes spaced apart on the surface of a substrate such that the stray
     magnetic fields at the ends of the magnetic stripes are magnetostatically
     coupled and the magnetic stripes are magnetized respectively in
     alternating directions, nonmagnetic conductive material positioned in the
     spaces between the magnetic stripes and electrodes for passing current
     crosswise through the plurality of magnetic stripes to detect a change in
     resistance by the giant magnetoresistive effect (MGR). The invention
     overcomes the problem of detecting low magnetic fields since the magnetic
     fields required to saturate magnetic stripes depends on the magnetostatic
     coupling which in turn can be controlled by the geometry and position of
     the magnetic stripes in the sensor."
"A magnetic head for reading information from a magnetic medium is provided.
     The magnetic head includes a substrate, having a substrate thermal
     coefficient of expansion, and a read element positioned above the
     substrate. The head also includes a shield, positioned above the substrate
     and adjacent the read element, which has a shield thermal coefficient of
     expansion that substantially matches the substrate thermal coefficient of
     expansion. The shield absorbs stray magnetic fields from the magnetic
     medium, which emanate from stored data that is adjacent to a data element
     that is directly beneath and read by the magnetoresistive read element.
     This shield may also serve to provide electrical contact for the read
     element. The magnetic thermal coefficient of expansion and electrical
     properties of the shield may be suitably optimized through appropriate
     choice of component materials and structure."
"A circuit and method are presented for detecting a fault in a
     magneto-resistive head (18). The circuit includes a bias circuit (50) to
     produce a bias voltage across the head (18) and a pair of resistors
     (68,70) in series with the head (18) connected to the bias circuit (50) to
     carry a current (I.sub.VMR) from the bias circuit (50) in common with the
     head. A circuit (102,102') is provided to determine a ratio of a voltage
     across the head (18) with respect to a voltage across the head (18) and
     the pair of resistors (68,70), and a circuit (104,106,104',106') is
     provided for indicating a fault if the ratio falls outside a predetermined
     range."
"A method of fabricating a nano-scale resistance cross-point memory array
     includes preparing a silicon substrate; depositing silicon oxide on the
     substrate to a predetermined thickness; forming a nano-scale trench in the
     silicon oxide; depositing a first connection line in the trench;
     depositing a memory resistor layer in the trench on the first connection
     line; depositing a second connection line in the trench on the memory
     resistor layer; and completing the memory array. A cross-point memory
     array includes a silicon substrate; a first connection line formed on the
     substrate; a colossal magnetoresistive layer formed on the first
     connection line; a silicon nitride layer formed on a portion of the
     colossal magnetoresistive layer; and a second connection line formed
     adjacent the silicon nitride layer and on the colossal magnetoresistive
     layer."
"Provided is a magnetic recording medium exhibiting high C/N ratio and
     suited to high-density magnetic recording, particularly, to reproduction
     with MR heads. The magnetic recording medium comprises a nonmagnetic
     powder and a binder and a magnetic layer comprising a ferromagnetic powder
     and a binder in this order on a flexible nonmagnetic support. The magnetic
     layer has an average thickness ranging from 0.02 to 0.2 .mu.m, the
     ferromagnetic powder contained in the magnetic layer is a plate-shaped
     hexagonal ferrite ferromagnetic powder having an average plate diameter of
     10 to 40 nm, the ratio of a volume of magnetic reversal to a volume of
     magnetic material particles is equal to or less than 3, the magnetic layer
     has a coercive force Hc equal to or higher than 159 kA/m, and components
     magnetically reversing in the magnetic field of 80 kA/m or less are less
     than 1 percent in the magnetization distribution of the magnetic layer."
"Disclosed are a fast, highly-integrated and highly-reliable
     magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) and a semiconductor device
     which uses the MRAM. The semiconductor device performs the read-out
     operation of the MRAM using memory cells for storing information by using
     a change in magnetoresistance of a magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) element
     with a high S/N ratio. Each memory cell includes an MTJ element and a
     bipolar transistor. The read-out operation is carried out by selecting a
     word line, amplifying a current flowing in the MTJ element of a target
     memory cell by the bipolar transistor and outputting the-amplified current
     to an associated read data line."
"The present application provides a magneto-resistive element excellent in
     symmetry of playback waveforms. The basic construction of the present
     application is as follows. That is, a magnetic layer 13, an insulating
     layer 14, and a magnetic layer 15 are laminated; a power supply 18 for
     applying a voltage between two magnetic layers is provided; an
     anti-ferromagnetic layer 16 is laminated on the magnetic layer 15,
     direction of which magnetization is substantially parallel or
     counter-parallel with a detecting direction of an external magnetic field,
     and when the external magnetic field is not present, a power supply 17 for
     causing a current to flow in a non-magnetic metal layer 12 and in an inner
     direction of a layer surface thereof is provided so that a direction of
     magnetization of the magnetic layer 13 is substantially at right angles to
     the detecting direction of the external magnetic field; and there is
     provided a signal detector 19 for detecting a change of current tunneling
     through an insulating layer when the direction of magnetization of the
     magnetic layer 13 is changed by the external magnetic field."
"The present invention provides a magnetoresistive element that includes a
     pair of magnetic layers and an intermediate layer between the magnetic
     layers. The intermediate layer contains at least three elements selected
     from Groups 2 to 17, and the elements include at least one selected from
     the group consisting of F, O, N, C and B. According to the invention, a
     magnetoresistive element with high magnetoresistance change ratio and low
     resistance can be provided. The invention also provides a method for
     producing a magnetoresistive element. The method includes forming a
     precursor and forming at least one part of the intermediate layer from the
     precursor. The precursor is reacted with at least one reactive species
     selected from the group consisting of oxygen atoms, nitrogen atoms and
     carbon atoms in a reactive atmosphere containing the reactive species."
"The invention provides a magnetic sensor having a first opposing pair and a
     second opposing pair of resistive elements configured in a Wheatstone
     bridge, wherein the resistive elements are a synthetic antiferromagnetic
     giant magnetoresistive sensor having a reference layer and a pinned layer
     of different thicknesses, wherein the first opposing pair has a net
     magnetic moment that is opposite to that of the second opposing pair, and
     wherein the first opposing pair has a thicker reference layer than pinned
     layer, and the second opposing pair has a thicker pinned layer than
     reference layer. Other embodiments of the invention have resistive
     elements that are opposingly bilayer and trilayer synthetic
     antiferromagnetic giant magnetoresistive sensors, or opposingly synthetic
     and standard antiferromagnetic giant magnetoresistive sensors."
"A Spin Valve GMR and Spin Filter SVGMR configuration where in the first
     embodiment an important buffer layer is composed of an metal oxide having
     a crystal lattice constant that is close the 1.sup.st FM free layer's
     crystal lattice constant and has the same crystal structure (e.g., FCC,
     BCC, etc.). The metal oxide buffer layer enhances the specular scattering.
     The spin valve giant magnetoresistance (SVGMR) sensor comprises: a seed
     layer over the substrate. An important metal oxide buffer layer (buffer
     layer) over the seed layer. The metal oxide layer preferably is comprised
     of NiO or alpha-Fe2O.sub.3. A free ferromagnetic layer over the metal
     oxide layer. A non-magnetic conductor spacer layer over the free
     ferromagnetic layer. A pinned ferromagnetic layer (2.sup.nd FM pinned)
     over the non-magnetic conductor spacer layer and a pinning material layer
     over the pinned ferromagnetic layer. In the second embodiment, a high
     conductivity layer (HCL) is formed over the buffer layer to create a spin
     filter -SVGMR. The HCL layer enhances the GMR ratio of the spin filter
     SVGMR. The third embodiment is a pinned FM layer comprised of a three
     layer structure of an lower AP layer, a spacer layer (e.g., Ru) and an
     upper AP layer."
"There is provided a magnetoresistance effect element which is capable of
     causing a large sense current to flow between electrodes and which has a
     smaller dispersion in direction of magnetization of a CPP element based on
     a magnetic field due to the sense current and has a lager reproducing
     output, and a method for producing the same. The magnetoresistance effect
     element is produced by: after forming a first electrode, forming a
     magnetoresistance effect film on the first electrode; applying a
     self-condensing organic resist on the magnetoresistance effect film, and
     thereafter, causing the organic resist to be droplets; subsequently,
     forming an insulating film thereon, and thereafter, removing the organic
     resist to form a groove portion in the insulating film to expose the top
     surface of the magnetoresistance effect film; and filling the groove
     portion with an electrode material to form a second electrode."
"In a magnetoresistive effect element in which at least a free layer (12)
     made of a ferromagnetic material, a nonmagnetic layer (13) made of a
     nonmagnetic material and a fixed layer (11) made of a ferromagnetic
     material and of which the magnetization direction is fixed are laminated
     in that order and in which information can be recorded by the use of a
     change of magnetization direction in the free layer (12), the free layer
     (12) is divided into a plurality of regions (12a), (12b), these regions
     (12a), (12b) are located around a write electrode (8) extending along the
     direction in which these respective layers (11) to (13) are laminated so
     as to surround the write electrode (8) and the respective regions (12a),
     (12b) surrounding the write electrode (8) constitute a magnetic field
     returning structure for returning a magnetic field."
"The present invention provides a vertical current-type magneto-resistive
     element. The element includes an intermediate layer and a pair of magnetic
     layers sandwiching the intermediate layer, and at least one of a free
     magnetic layer and a pinned magnetic layer is a multilayer film including
     at least one non-magnetic layer and magnetic layers sandwiching the
     non-magnetic layer. The element area defined by the area of the
     intermediate layer through which current flows perpendicular to the film
     is not larger than 1000 .mu.m.sup.2."
"Provided is a particulate magnetic recording medium affording great
     improvement in medium noise in a recording and reproduction system
     adopting MR heads. The magnetic recording medium comprises a nonmagnetic
     layer comprising a nonmagnetic powder and a binder and a magnetic layer
     comprising a hexagonal ferrite powder and a binder in this order on a
     nonmagnetic support. The number of pits having a depth of 1/3 or more of
     the minimum recording bit length present on a surface of said magnetic
     layer is equal to or less than 100/10000 .mu.m.sup.2, and the center
     surface average roughness of said magnetic layer surface SRa is equal to
     or less than 6.0 nm."
"There is provided a magnetoresistance element in which a shape of a free
     ferromagnetic layer includes a first portion with a parallelogrammic
     contour, and second portions that protrude from a pair of opposite corners
     of the first portion respectively in a main direction parallel to a pair
     of opposite sides of the first portion, the shape is asymmetric with
     respect to a line that passes through a center of the first portion and is
     parallel to the main direction, and an axis of easy magnetization of the
     free ferromagnetic layer falls within a range defined by an acute angle
     that a first direction makes with a second direction, the first direction
     being substantially parallel to the main direction and the second
     direction being substantially parallel to the longest line segment that
     joins contours of the second portions."
"There are provided at least one wire, a magnetoresistive effect element
     having a storage layer whose magnetization direction varies according to a
     current magnetic field generated by causing a current to flow in the wire,
     and first yokes provided so as to be spaced from at least one pair of
     opposed side faces of the magnetoresistive effect element to form a
     magnetic circuit in cooperation with the magnetoresistive effect element
     when a current is caused to flow in the wire. Each of the first yokes has
     at least two soft magnetic layers which are stacked via a non-magnetic
     layer."
"A low power, high speed magneto-resistive memory is disclosed. The
     disclosed memory directly senses the resistive state of one or more
     magneto-resistive memory elements. This allows the memory to be read
     during a single read cycle, without the need for a word line current. This
     may substantially increase the speed and reduce the power of the memory."
"A conventional magnetic head has a structure, in which a MR element and a
     recording element are stacked. The influence of a recording magnetic field
     on the magnetically sensitive portion of a reproduction element is
     lessened and the performance of the MR element is stabilized. Also, the
     reliability of the magnetic disk drive using a MR element is enhanced. The
     magnetic disk drive uses a composite magnet head, which has a plurality of
     reproduction elements arranged such that the magnetically sensitive layer
     of a reproduction element of the composite magnetic head does not overlap
     with the normal direction projection of the recording element, and which
     lessens the influence of a recording magnetic field on the magnetically
     sensitive portion of each reproduction element."
"A method for detecting the degree of wear of a magneto-resistance (MR)
     effect type magnetic head element for reading a magnetic signal by use of
     a simple structure is disclosed. The degree of wear of an MR head for
     reading a magnetic signal from a magnetic tape is detected based on a
     value of resistance of an MR element by a head wear detecting circuit. A
     signal indicative of the degree of wear of the MR head is supplied to an
     alarm generating circuit for example, to generate an alarm informing of
     the life of the MR head."
"A target plate 3 is provided onto a shaft 1 and is has targets 3a arranged
     on an outer circumference. Facing the outer circumference of this target
     plate 3 is a sensor 5 that is provided with MR elements, which are
     arranged in a circumferential direction in accordance with an arrangement
     interval of the targets 3a. A rotational angle of the target plate 3 is
     calculated based on an output obtained between the MR elements in
     accordance with the displacement in the circumferential direction of the
     targets 3a, 3a with the rotation of the target plate 3."
"A magnetoresistive stack for use in a magnetic read head has a plurality of
     layers including a ferromagnetic free layer, a ferromagnetic pinned layer,
     and an antiferromagnetic pinning layer. The pinned layer and pinning layer
     each have a greater number of structural grains than the free layer, which
     decreases a fluctuation of magnetization in the magnetoresistive stack
     without decreasing a spatial resolution of the magnetoresistive stack."
"An automated production process for the screening of the read-width (RW)
     and/or the stripe-height (SH) for every magnetoresistive (MR) read sensor
     element in a wafer substrate. The method of this invention uses the RW
     and/or SH values found with optical examination by electron microscopy of
     several of the MR sensor elements to estimate two substrate coefficients
     that relates the optical RW and SH measurements to heating-delta
     measurements, .delta.=(RH-RC)/RC, where RH is the sensor resistance when
     hot and RC is the sensor resistance when cold, both of which can be
     measured using automated equipment. These relationships are sufficiently
     similar among all MR sensor elements manufactured on a single wafer
     substrate during a single manufacturing procedure that, when the hot
     resistance RH is measured at a constant applied voltage, the
     heating-delta, may be used with a first substrate coefficient to estimate
     the read-width RW of each MR sensor element for quality-control purposes
     during manufacture. When the hot resistance RH is measured at a constant
     applied current, the heating-delta may be used with a second substrate
     coefficient to estimate the stripe-height SH of each MR sensor element for
     quality-control purposes during manufacture."
"A signal is read out from a two-layered perpendicular magnetic recording
     medium by a composite head formed from a single-pole perpendicular
     recording head and magnetoresistance effect type reproduction head. The
     read-out signal is amplified by a head amplifier, passed through a
     low-pass filter, and converted into a digital signal by an analog/digital
     converter. A DC restoring circuit restores a DC component removed by the
     head amplifier using the output signal from the analog/digital converter.
     An adder adds the restored DC component to the output signal from the
     analog/digital converter, thereby restoring the head output terminal
     signal. A servo demodulation circuit generates a position error signal on
     the basis of the restored signal."
"A head apparatus which is tough against disturbing noise and superior in
     the S/N ratio and which can cope with an increase of the capacity of a
     recording medium is disclosed. A first playback amplifier for amplifying
     the playback signal of a MR head and a register circuit for setting the
     bias current to the MR head are formed as a COS IC. The COS IC is mounted
     on a suspension together with the MR head. A feeble playback signal
     outputted from the MR head is amplified by the first playback amplifier
     once and then transmitted to a mother IC over a pair of signal lines. The
     amplified playback signal is tough against disturbing noise during
     transmission."
"A sense amplifier (1300, 1500) is provided for sensing the state of a
     toggling type magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) cell without
     using a reference. The sense amplifier (1300, 1500) employs a
     sample-and-hold circuit (1336, 1508) combined with a current-to-voltage
     converter (1301, 1501), gain circuit (1303), and cross-coupled latch
     (1305, 1503) to sense the state of a bit. The sense amplifier (1300,
     1500), first senses and holds a first state of the cell. The cell is
     toggled to a second state. Then, the sense amplifier (1300, 1500) compares
     the first state to the second state to determine the first state of a
     toggling type memory cell."
"A magnetic tunnel element (1) including a plurality of ferromagnetic films
     (5, 9) laminated across an insulating film (11) formed of metal oxide
     films (6, 7, 8) and in which asymmetric tunnel barriers are formed along
     the direction in which the ferromagnetic films (5, 9) are laminated by
     this insulating film (11) (6, 7, 8). There are also constructed a
     thin-film magnetic head, a magnetic memory and a magnetic sensor, each of
     which includes the magnetic tunnel element (1). Since a magnetoresistive
     ratio can be suppressed from being lowered by decreasing a bias voltage
     dependency, there are provided a highly-reliable magnetic tunnel element
     which can obtain a high output when the magnetic tunnel element is applied
     to a thin-film magnetic head and the like and a method of manufacturing
     such a magnetic tunnel element. When a magnetic head, a magnetic memory
     and a magnetic sensor include this magnetic tunnel element, they become
     highly reliable and also become able to obtain a high output."
"A magnetic head assembly with an air bearing surface (ABS) layer over a
     double-shielded magnetoresistive (MR) sensor and a write gap formed
     between two spaced magnetic pole tips, with an optional write-gap shield
     disposed so that one magnetic pole tip is disposed between the write-gap
     shield and the other magnetic pole tip. At least one of the MR element
     shields is electrically connected to one of the MR signal lead conductors
     (preferably the one having the most positive potential) and the one
     magnetic pole tip (and/or the optional write-gap shield) is coupled to the
     clamped MR element shield with an electrical conductor. For multi-track
     read/write arrays, the connection between adjacent reader shield and
     writer pole and/or shield is provided independently for each read/write
     pair in the array, thereby equalizing the voltage environments to reduce
     variations in the chemical/mechanical erosion of the read and write head
     ABS layers."
"Herein is disclosed a method and apparatus for controlling a lapping
     process, so as to create a read/write head that contains a primary
     magnetoresistive read element with a desired stripe height. An improved
     lapping guide is achieved by incorporating a secondary magnetoresistive
     element into a read/write head. By virtue of its location on the same
     read/write head as a primary magnetoresistive element (used for reading
     data during operation of the disc drive), the secondary element is located
     in close proximity to the primary element, resulting in smaller tolerances
     in aligning or relating the top edges of the primary and secondary
     elements. Accordingly, the secondary magnetoresistive element more
     reliably serves as a proxy for the primary element. Optionally, the
     secondary magnetoresistive element may be fashioned with identical
     dimensions as the primary element, so as to render the secondary element
     equivalent to the primary element with regard to magnetic sensitivity.
     During lapping, the magnetic sensitivity of the secondary magnetoresistive
     element is monitored and used as a proxy measurement of the magnetic
     sensitivity of the primary magnetoresistive read element."
"A magnetic head comprises: an induction type head for recording including a
     lower magnetic core, a writing gap film formed on the lower magnetic core,
     an upper magnetic core having a track portion and a portion spreading from
     the track portion, a plurality of insulating films laminated between the
     lower magnetic core and the upper magnetic core, and a coil formed between
     the plurality of insulating films. One of the plurality of insulating
     films is an insulating film determining a zero throat level position. The
     track portion of the upper magnetic core extends to an air bearing
     surface. A magnetoresistance effect type head for reproducing includes a
     lower shielding film and a magnetoresistance effect sensor film between
     the lower shielding film and the lower magnetic core. The position where
     the upper magnetic core spreads is located nearer to the air bearing
     surface than the tip end position arranged nearest to the air bearing
     surface among the tip end positions of the insulating films formed on the
     insulating film determining the zero throat level position. This can
     provide a magnetic head having good magnetic characteristics and improved
     accuracy in the width of a track on the air bearing surface."
"A servo method and system for generating a position error signal in a disk
     drive including a magnetic data storage disk rotating relative to a base,
     a data transducer assembly positioned at concentric data tracks by a
     rotary actuator referenced to the base and controlled by a digital servo
     system, the data transducer assembly having a magnetoresistive (MR) read
     element, the digital servo system employing multiple servo bursts in servo
     sectors embedded within the data tracks. During servo track
     positioning/following for each target head position relative to a track, a
     plurality of the servo bursts are selected, and combinations of the burst
     amplitudes of the selected servo bursts are obtained. A substantially
     continuous position error signal (C_PES) is generated based on the
     combinations of the burst amplitudes, indicating radial position of the
     read head relative to the target position."
"A disk drive system has a servo pattern with bursts that are recorded
     without multiple passes per burst and without trimming, so that the servo
     pattern bursts have the same width as the data tracks. The servo write
     steps occur in partial data track pitch (DTP) increments. A
     magneto-resistive (M-R) head is used to both record the servo pattern and
     transduce it. In a two-frequency system, relative gain calibration is
     performed using AGC circuitry to first calibrate one frequency and then
     the other. The resulting servo position error sensing (PES) signal has
     improved linearity and is simpler to write."
"Magnetic sensing methods and systems are disclosed. A minimum magnetic
     signal output and a maximum magnetic signal output can be detected
     utilizing a sensor comprising a peak detector circuit associated with a
     filter averaging circuit and one or more magnetic elements (e.g., a Hall
     element and/or magnetoresistive bridge). An average magnetic signal output
     can then be determined utilizing the filter averaging circuit when a
     target begins to rotate in front of the sensor."
"There is disclosed a magnetoresistive film in which increase of a coupling
     field accompanying thickness reduction of a middle layer is inhibited. The
     magnetoresistive film is a multilayered film including a pinned layer 3
     having magnetization whose direction is fixed, a nonmagnetic middle layer
     4 formed on the pinned layer, and a free layer 5 formed on the middle
     layer and provided with magnetization whose direction changes in
     accordance with an external magnetic field, the magnetoresistive film
     indicates a magnitude of resistance in accordance with an angle formed by
     the magnetization direction of the pinned layer and the magnetization
     direction of the free layer, and a copper oxide layer 7 of an oxide
     including a copper element is formed directly on the free layer, or on the
     free layer via an oxide layer 6 of a material fabricated by oxidizing a
     material constituting the free layer."
"An integrated lapping guide (ILG) is described including at least one
     read-head and an electronic lapping guide (ELG). In one embodiment, the
     ELG is offset from the height of the read-head. Resistance between the
     read-head and the ELG can be measured during the lapping process. During
     the initial phase of the lapping process, the ELG dominates the change in
     ILG resistance and provides a long-range stripe-height control allowing
     for inclination and bending of the row of magneto-resistive (MR) heads.
     During the latter phases of the lapping process, the read-head dominates
     the change in ILG resistance and provides a short-range, uniform read-head
     resistance control. In this embodiment, the transition between the
     long-range stripe-height control and the short-range, uniform read-head
     resistance control is smooth, providing a marked benefit to the read-head
     manufacturing process."
"A method and apparatus is provided for segmenting a left ventricular
     epicardium in a magnetic resonance image. Image shape, gradients, and
     intensity are used to locate the epicardial boundary. Specifically, an
     intensity map corresponding to acquired data is produced and refined so as
     to produce a classification map having variations in intensity. The
     variations, representing the epicardial boundary, are detected and the
     epicardial boundary may then be clearly identified in the MR image."
"A tunneling magneto-resistance element of each MTJ (magnetic tunnel
     junction) memory cell is connected between a bit line and a strap. Each
     strap is shared by a plurality of tunneling magneto-resistance elements
     that are located adjacent to each other in the row direction in the same
     sub array. Each access transistor is connected between a corresponding
     strap and a ground voltage, and turned ON/OFF in response to a
     corresponding word line. Since data read operation can be conducted with
     the structure that does not have an access transistor for every tunneling
     magneto-resistance element, the array area can be reduced."
"An integrated magnetoresistive semiconductor memory in which each memory
     cell contains a switching transistor or a diode in the form of an
     activatable isolating element, and two magnetic layers that are isolated
     by a thin tunnel barrier. Connecting conductors are respectively
     integrated for word lines, digit lines and bit lines and also for the
     purpose of activating the switching transistor in one or more memory
     cells. These connecting conductors are located in only two metallization
     planes and in a polysilicon connection plane."
"In a magnetoresistive effect element, at least one of electrodes for
     supplying a current perpendicularly to the film plane of a
     magnetoresistive effect film is narrower than the distance between
     bias-applying films. The sensitivity of the magnetoresistive effect film
     is lower in regions thereof near the bias-applying films due to an
     intensive bias magnetic field from the bias-applying films. However, the
     electrodes are disposed in an inner region having a high sensitivity
     avoiding those regions with a lower sensitivity to ensure a high
     sensitivity. The electrodes disposed on and under the magnetoresistive
     effect film are pillar-shaped to concentrate the sense current such that
     the sense current can be concentrically supplied exclusively to the region
     with the high sensitivity."
"A MR element with a magnetic sensing region and outside regions thereof
     which locate outside the magnetic sensing region along a track width
     direction, includes a multi-layered structure with an anti-ferromagnetic
     thin-film layer, a first ferromagnetic thin-film layer constituted by a
     single layer of ferromagnetic material or by multi layers of ferromagnetic
     material, a non-magnetic metal thin-film layer and a second ferromagnetic
     thin-film layer constituted by a single layer of ferromagnetic material or
     by multi layers of ferromagnetic material which are sequentially formed on
     a substrate. The all layers in the multi-layered structure exist in the
     magnetic sensing region, and at least the anti-ferromagnetic thin-film
     layer with its initial thickness exists in the outside regions."
"According to the invention, techniques for cleaning a rotary
     magneto-resistive head. Embodiments according to the invention are
     especially useful in tape drive systems, and the like. Embodiments can
     provide methods and apparatus for cleaning contaminant from rotary
     magneto-resistive heads while guarding against damage to the head from
     excess cleaning, and the like. Specific embodiments can control the
     rotational speed of a rotary magneto-resistive head in order to facilitate
     cleaning operations. Embodiments include a cleaning device and a control
     method, and are suited for use in a magneto-resistive head mounted on a
     rotary cylinder of a computer tape storage unit, for example, although
     application of the present invention is not limited to such embodiments."
"Magnetic tunneling junction devices (MTJ) useful for sensing and memory
     applications and characterized by reduced resistance, magnetic noise,
     increased sensitivity, and increased magnetoresistance are disclosed
     herein. A method for fabrication of said MTJ is also disclosed wherein a
     series of materials are layered upon a substrate under controlled
     conditions, patterned and subjected to a period of annealing for
     simultaneously optimizing a plurality of performance parameters."
"A low resistance magnetic tunnel junction device, such as a memory cell in
     a nonvolatile magnetic random access memory (MRAM) array or a
     magnetoresistive read head in a magnetic recording disk drive, has a
     titanium oxynitride (TiO.sub.x N.sub.y) layer as the single-layer tunnel
     barrier or as one of the layers in a bilayer tunnel barrier. In a bilayer
     barrier the other barrier layer is an oxide or nitride of Al, Si, Mg, Ta,
     [[Si]] and Y, such as Al.sub.2 O.sub.3, AlN, Si.sub.3 N.sub.4, MgO,
     Ta.sub.2 O.sub.5, TiO.sub.2, or Y.sub.2 O.sub.3. The Ti barrier material
     can be alloyed with other known metals, such as Al and Mg, to produce
     barriers with TiAlO.sub.x N.sub.y and TiMgO.sub.x N.sub.y compositions."
"A magnetic memory is provided with a high-output memory cell capable of
     switching and magnetization reversal operations by means of two terminals.
     There is formed an MIS junction laminated layer comprising a diode, a spin
     transfer torque magnetization reversal induction layer, and a tunnel
     magnetoresistive device. A bit line and a word line are connected to the
     laminated layer."
"A filter (FT1) is a low-pass filter in which a magnetic tunnel resistance
     element (MR) and a capacitor (C) are connected to each other in the shape
     of L. Further, in the filter (FT1), terminals (T1, T2) serve as input
     terminals and terminals (T3, T4) serve as output terminals. A current to
     change the magnetization direction of the magnetic tunnel resistance
     element (MR) is supplied through a current source (IP). With such a
     constitution, it is possible to provide an analog circuit, including a
     filter, a amplifier or the like, which can correct variations in value of
     elements caused by process variations in the manufacturing process."
"A giant magneto-resistive effect element includes a laminated layer film
     having a ferromagnetic film, a non-magnetic film and an anti-ferromagnetic
     film. A current is caused to flow in the direction perpendicular to the
     film plane of the laminated layer film by upper and lower electrodes. Hard
     magnetic films are directly connected to both sides in the width direction
     of the laminated layer film. Insulating films are formed above or under
     the hard magnetic films. A current path between the upper electrodes or
     the lower electrodes and the laminated layer film is restricted by an
     opening defined between the insulating layers at both sides. The hard
     magnetic films have a specific resistance substantially the same as or
     larger than that of the laminated layer film. Further, there are provided
     a magneto-resistive effect type head, a thin-film magnetic memory and a
     thin-film magnetic sensor including the above-mentioned giant
     magneto-resistive effect element."
"A magnetoresistance effect film including a magnetically pinned layer, a
     non-magnetic intermediate layer and a magnetically free layer has sidewall
     layers covering at least side surfaces of the magnetically pinned layer
     and the non-magnetic intermediate layer. The sidewall layers are made of a
     high-resistance oxide, nitride, fluoride, boride, sulfide or carbide
     having a specular reflection effect against conduction electrons, thereby
     to prevent non-elastic scattering of electrons and missing of spin
     information on side surfaces of the magnetoresistance effect film."
"A magnetoresistive head including a first magnetic shield, a first
     electrode terminal provided on the first magnetic shield and having a
     first width, and a magnetoresistive film provided on the first electrode
     terminal and having a second width less than or equal to the first width.
     The magnetoresistive head further includes a second electrode terminal
     provided on the magnetoresistive film and having a third width less than
     or equal to the second width, and a second magnetic shield provided on the
     second electrode terminal. Preferably, the magnetoresistive head further
     includes a plug electrode for connecting the second electrode terminal to
     the second magnetic shield, and a plug side wall protective insulating
     film for covering a side wall of the plug electrode."
"In a spin valve type transducer including two magnetic shield layers, a
     patterned magnetoresistance element is in direct contact with one of the
     magnetic shield layers. A permanent magnet layer and an electrode layer
     are formed on the sides of the patterned magnetoresistance element."
"Perpendicular recording and magnetoresistive sensing transducers are
     disclosed having additional coil windings carrying current in an opposite
     direction to windings encircled by a core. The magnetic influence of the
     recording transducer on the sense transducer is reduced or eliminated. The
     inductance of the coils used to drive the recording transducer is reduced,
     facilitating high-frequency operation. Moreover, the magnetic flux induced
     by the coils and transmitted by the recording pole tip is increased,
     improving recording capabilities."
"Within a method for forming a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element there is
     first provided a substrate. There is then formed over the substrate a
     first magnetoresistive (MR) layer having formed contacting the first
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer a magnetically biased first magnetic bias
     layer biased in a first magnetic bias direction with a first magnetic bias
     field strength. There is also formed separated from the first
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer by a spacer layer a second magnetoresistive
     (MR) layer having formed contacting the second magnetoresistive (MR) layer
     a magnetically un-biased second magnetic bias layer. There is then biased
     through use of a first thermal annealing method employing a first thermal
     annealing temperature, a first thermal annealing exposure time and a first
     extrinsic magnetic bias field the magnetically un-biased second magnetic
     bias layer to form a magnetically biased second magnetic bias layer having
     a second magnetic bias field strength in a second magnetic bias direction
     non-parallel to the first magnetic bias direction while simultaneously
     partially demagnetizing the magnetically biased first magnetic bias layer
     to provide a partially demagnetized magnetically biased first magnetic
     bias layer having a partially demagnetized first magnetic bias field
     strength less than the first magnetic bias field strength. Finally, there
     is then annealed thermally through use of a second thermal annealing
     employing a second thermal annealing temperature and a second thermal
     annealing exposure time without a second magnetic bias field: (1) the
     partially demagnetized magnetically biased first magnetic bias layer layer
     to form a remagnetized partially demagnetized first magnetic bias layer
     having a remagnetized partially demagnetized first netic bias field
     strength greater than the partially demagnetized first magnetic bias field
     strength; and (2) the magnetically biased second magnetic bias layer to
     form a further magnetically biased second magnetic bias layer having a
     further magnetized second magnetic bias field strength greater than the
     second magnetic bias field strength."
"A magnetorheological (MR) vibration damper for damping axial and rotational
     vibrations of an automotive steering system may include a housing encasing
     MR fluid therein and a gear-like rotor and orifice plate disposed within
     the housing. The rotor and orifice plate, which may be affixed to the
     steering wheel shaft, includes a plurality of gear-like teeth on its
     surface and a plurality of holes for producing shear and normal forces,
     respectively, on the MR fluid. Electric coils may be disposed within the
     housing for generating an electric field for activating the MR fluid. The
     MR vibration damper may be activated or deactivated by a controller by
     comparing a signal value from a steering wheel vibration sensor to a
     predetermined threshold value. The controller may be programmable by a
     user to increase or decrease the predetermined threshold value, so as to
     enable customization of driving feel."
"A magnetoresistive element has a ferromagnetic double tunnel junction
     having a stacked structure of a first antiferromagnetic layer/a first
     ferromagnetic layer/a first dielectric layer/a second ferromagnetic
     layer/a second dielectric layer/a third ferromagnetic layer/a second
     antiferromagnetic layer. The second ferromagnetic layer that is a free
     layer consists of a Co-based alloy or a three-layered film of a Co-based
     alloy/a Ni--Fe alloy/a Co-based alloy. A tunnel current is flowed between
     the first ferromagnetic layer and the third ferromagnetic layer."
"A first and a second longitudinal bias-applying films are formed via a
     first mask at both sides of a magnetoresistive effective element film so
     that the difference in surface level between the magnetoresistive
     effective element film and the first and the second longitudinal
     bias-applying films is set within .+-.20 nm. Then, a first and a second
     electrode films are formed so as to cover edge portions of the
     magnetoresistive effective element film and the first and the second
     longitudinal bias-applying films."
"An inductive transducer has inorganic nonferromagnetic material disposed in
     an apex region adjacent to a submicron nonferromagnetic gap in a magnetic
     core. The inorganic nonferromagnetic material has a much lower coefficient
     of thermal expansion than that of hardbaked photoresist, reducing pole tip
     protrusion even if other insulation surrounding the coil sections within
     the core is made of hardbaked photoresist. Alternatively, the entire
     insulation surrounding the coil sections within the core, in addition to
     the apex region, can be formed of inorganic nonferromagnetic material,
     further reducing pole tip protrusion. The transducer has SiO.sub.2 rather
     than alumina in an undercoat layer joining the wafer substrate and the
     thin film layers of the transducer. SiO.sub.2 may also replace alumina in
     other areas, such as a piggyback layer joining the inductive transducer
     with a magnetoresistive transducer."
"A method of controlling bias supply sources for magneto-resistive
     transducer (MR) heads to provide essentially the same predetermined
     lifetime for the MR heads, by determining dependence of head lifetime on
     bias supply level and on head stripe temperature, and setting a bias
     supply level for each head based on said dependence of lifetime on bias
     supply level and on head temperature, to provide essentially the same
     predetermined lifetime for the heads."
"An optical system includes a layer of magneto rheological (MR) fluid having
     a surface exposed to air or vacuum. The MR fluid has a first state wherein
     the surface is reflective, and a second state wherein the surface is
     non-reflective. A magnetic actuator selectively applies a magnetic field
     to the MR fluid to actuate the fluid to the second state."
"A safety switch apparatus for disabling operation of a hand-carried
     appliance, e.g., a hair dryer, during periods of nonuse such as when the
     appliance is put down on a prescribed surface or placed in a
     non-functional position such as being held under a user's arm. In
     preferred embodiments, a sensor, e.g., a hall effect sensor, a
     magnetoresistive sensor, a reed switch, or the like, is coupled to control
     circuitry within the appliance to remove power from portions of the
     device, e.g., its motor and/or heater, when the appliance is proximate to
     an externally-provided magnetic field preferably provided from a magnetic
     element typically contained within a pad placeable on a work surface,
     within the work surface, or a wearable piece of clothing. In a further
     feature of a preferred embodiment, power is restored when the apparatus is
     removed from the magnetic field. However after a sustained detection
     period, operation ceases."
"An improved and novel magnetic element and fabrication method. The magnetic
     element (10;30) including a bottom pinned ferromagnetic layer (12;32) and
     a top pinned ferromagnetic layer (20;40) fabricated antiparallel to one
     another. The magnetic element (10;30) further including a bottom tunnel
     barrier layer (14;34), a free ferromagnetic layer (16;46 and 48) and a top
     tunnel barrier layer (18;38) formed between the bottom pinned
     ferromagnetic layer (12;32) and the top pinned ferromagnetic layer
     (20;40). The structure is defined as including two (2) tunnel barrier
     layers in which one tunnel barrier layer is normal (18) and one is
     reversed (14), or a structure in which the two tunnel barrier layers are
     of the same type (34; 38) with the structure further includes a SAF
     structure (36) to allow for consistently changing magnetoresistance ratios
     across both tunnel barriers. The magnetic element (10;30) having an
     improved magnetoresistance ratio and a decrease in voltage dependence."
"Multi-channel magnetic head having a high channel density, provided with a
     head face (1) which extends in a first direction (I) in which a record
     carrier is relatively movable with respect to said magnetic head, and in a
     second direction (II) transverse to the first direction. The magnetic head
     has a structure of layers which, viewed in the first direction, are
     situated one on top of the other and extend substantially in the second
     direction and in a third direction (III) transverse to the first and the
     second direction. Viewed in the second direction, adjacent
     magnetoresistive sensors (S.sub.1, S.sub.2, S.sub.3) are distinguishable
     in the structure, each comprising a magnetoresistive measuring element
     (5), a first magnetic element (7) and a second magnetic element (9). The
     magnetic elements of adjacent sensors are electrically conducting and have
     electric connection faces (70a, 9a), while the measuring element in each
     sensor is electrically arranged in series between the first and the second
     magnetic element for passing a measuring current (i) through the measuring
     element substantially in the third direction."
"A magneto-resistance effect head is provided with a lower conductive layer
     which is provided with a recessed portion, and a vertical bias layer is
     provided in the recessed portion. A free layer is provided on the lower
     conductive layer. On the free layer, layered in the following order are
     the non-magnetic layer, the fixed layer, the fixing layer, and the upper
     layer so as not to be placed immediately above the vertical bias layer.
     The non-magnetic layer, the fixed layer, the fixing layer, and the upper
     layer are buried in an insulation layer. Furthermore, an upper conductive
     layer is provided on the upper layer and the insulation layer. In the
     direction of the magnetic field applied by the vertical bias layer, the
     free layer is made greater in length than the fixed layer and the free
     layer is disposed in proximity to the vertical bias layer with the
     distance between the fixed layer and the vertical bias layer remaining
     unchanged."
"A magnetoresistance sensor structure is formed of a magnetoresistance
     sensor having a transverse biasing stack including a transverse pinning
     layer made of a transverse-pinning-layer antiferromagnetic material, and a
     transverse pinned layer structure overlying the transverse pinning layer,
     a spacer layer overlying the transverse pinned layer structure, a sensing
     stack overlying the spacer layer, and a decoupling layer overlying the
     sensing stack. A longitudinal biasing stack overlies the magnetoresistance
     sensor and includes a longitudinal pinned layer, and a longitudinal
     pinning layer overlying the longitudinal pinned layer and made of a
     longitudinal-pinning-layer antiferromagnetic material. The
     transverse-pinning-layer antiferromagnetic material and the
     longitudinal-pinning-layer antiferromagnetic material are preferably
     Pt--Mn or Ni--Mn."
"A tunneling barrier for a spin dependent tunneling (SDT) device is
     disclosed that includes a plurality of ferromagnetic atoms disposed in a
     substantially homogenous layer. The presence of such atoms in the
     tunneling barrier is believed to increase a magnetoresistance or
     .DELTA.R/R response, improving the signal and the signal to noise ratio.
     Such an increase .DELTA.R/R response also offers the possibility of
     decreasing an area of the tunnel barrier layer. Decreasing the area of the
     tunnel barrier layer can afford improvements in resolution of devices such
     as MR sensors and increased density of devices such as of MRAM cells."
"A method and system for providing a tunneling magnetoresistive sensor is
     disclosed. The method and system include providing a pinned layer, a free
     layer and an insulating layer between the pinned and free layers. The
     pinned and free layers are ferromagnetic. The method and system also
     include providing a hard mask layer to be used in defining the sensor at
     the top of the tunneling magnetoresistive sensor. The method and system
     also include using the hard mask layer to define the tunneling
     magnetoresistive sensor. Thus, the pinned layer, the free layer and the
     insulating layer are capable of having a minimum dimension of less than
     0.2 .mu.m."
"An arrangement is described for detecting motion of an encoder which
     comprises magnetically active areas arranged along a main surface
     subtended at least substantially by a second spatial co-ordinate aligned
     in the direction of movement of the encoder and by a first spatial
     co-ordinate aligned at least substantially perpendicularly to the
     direction of movement of the encoder, which magnetically active areas are
     subdivided in a predetermined sequence along the second spatial
     co-ordinate, the arrangement comprising a magnetoresistive sensor element
     arranged in front of the main surface of the encoder in the direction of a
     third spatial co-ordinate aligned at least substantially perpendicularly
     to the main surface of the encoder, and a magnetic field-generating device
     for generating a magnetic field which permeates the magnetoresistive
     sensor element with field lines which are aligned at least substantially
     in a plane subtended by the first and the third spatial co-ordinate, the
     arrangement being adapted to generate a field line deflection, determined
     by the position of the encoder with respect to the magnetoresistive sensor
     element and the magnetic field-generating device, of the magnetic field
     generated by the magnetic field-generating device in the direction of the
     second spatial co-ordinate with a periodical recurrence determined by the
     predetermined sequence of the magnetically active areas and to supply an
     output signal having signal edges which rise and fall with said periodical
     recurrence and are produced by the magnetoresistive sensor element on the
     basis of the influence by this field line deflection, the arrangement
     being further adapted to generate a field line deflection, likewise
     determined by the position of the encoder, of the magnetic field also in
     the direction of the first spatial co-ordinate in said periodical
     recurrence, and a signal-processing circuit for detecting the slopes of
     consecutive signal edges in the output signal and for supplying a motion
     direction signal in dependence upon the values and/or the sequence of
     values of the slopes of consecutive signal edges."
"A method for manufacturing a magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM)
     cell is disclosed, which alleviates the problem of Neel coupling caused by
     roughness in the interface between the tunnel junction layer and the
     magnetic layers. The method includes depositing first and second barrier
     layers on the conductor, wherein the first barrier layer has a polish rate
     different from that of the second barrier layer. The second barrier layer
     is then essentially removed by chemical mechanical polishing (CMP),
     leaving a very smooth and uniform first barrier layer. When the magnetic
     stack is then formed on the polished first barrier layer, interfacial
     roughness is not translated to the tunnel junction layer, and no
     corruption of magnetization is experienced."
"Improved multilayer magnetic superlattice structures, such as (Co/Pt).sub.n
     and (Co/Pd).sub.n, having predetermined, very high perpendicular magnetic
     coercivities are formed by sputter deposition of predetermined thickness,
     ultra-thin seed layers on the substrate prior to formation thereon of the
     superlattice structure by sputtering at at least a predetermined minimum
     sputtering gas pressure. The multilayer magnetic superlattice structures
     are advantageously utilized in the formation of thermally stable,
     perpendicular magnetic recording (MR) media having very high areal
     recording densities."
"As to a magnetic tunnel junction magneto-resistive head, which comprises an
     antiferromagnetically coupling layer, a pinned ferromagnetic layer
     adjacent to said antiferromagnctically coupling layer and magnetically
     pinned by a magnetization of said antiferromagnctically coupling layer, a
     free ferromagnetic layer which is magnetically free from the magnetization
     of said antiferromagnetically coupling layer, insulating layers sandwiched
     by these ferromagnetic layers, a stacked layers of ferromagnetic layers to
     control the magnetic domain of said free ferromagnetic layer and a pair of
     electrodes to apply a current to these layers and films, said stacked
     layers of ferromagnetic layers are formed between said free ferromagnetic
     layer and one of said electrodes. According to this composition, it is
     possible to present a magnetic tunnel junction magneto-resistive sensor
     with preferable domain controlling force against the free ferromagnetic
     layer."
"First and second embodiments of thin-film magnetic heads each including a
     magnetoresistive element for reading out information as a result of moving
     relative to a magnetic recording medium. Each thin-film magnetic head
     includes a base, a lower shield layer that is formed on the base, a lower
     insulating layer, the magnetoresistive element, an upper insulating layer
     which is formed on the magnetoresistive element, and an upper shield
     layer. In order to make uniform the separation between each upper shield
     layer and its corresponding lower shield layer in the vicinity of its
     corresponding magnetoresistive element, a middle insulating layer is
     formed in the same film plane as its corresponding magnetoresistive
     element."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor can be shaped using ion beam irradiation
     and/or implantation through a mask introduced between a MR structure and
     an ion source. The mask covers selected portions of the MR structure to
     define the track width of the sensor. Ion irradiation and/or implantation
     reduces the magnetoresistance of the unmasked portions while leaving the
     masked portion substantially unaltered. The mask can be a photoresist
     mask, an electron beam resist mask, or a stencil mask. Alternatively the
     mask may be part of a projection ion beam system. Track width resolution
     is determined at the mask production step. The edges of the sensor can be
     defined by a highly collimated ion beam producing an extremely straight
     transition edge, which reduces sensor noise and improves sensor track
     width control. Improved hard bias layers that directly abut the sensor may
     be used to achieve a suitable stability. A variety of longitudinal bias
     schemes are compatible with ion beam patterning."
"In the disclosure, MR sensors 6a and 6b for detecting the periodical angle
     position of rotating members rotating in conjunction with a steering wheel
     shaft are disposed in the vicinity of rotating members. These MR sensors
     are connected with a CPU 12, which makes the operation/processing of data
     from the MR sensors to calculate an absolute steering angle, including the
     indication of how many times the wheel has turned (periodicity). When the
     ignition key is turned off, the CPU 12 changes its operation mode into a
     stop mode of suspending said operation/processing, after storing the
     periodicity and the angle position .gamma. of the rotating members in a
     flash memory. If any steering has been done during the stop mode to a
     degree that the output voltage of the MR sensor 6a exceeds the standard
     voltage V ref, the comparator 4's output conditions change and the CPU
     temporarily releases the stop mode to calculate a value to correct the
     periodicity, using the angle positions at the start of stop mode and at
     its release, and correct the periodicity with this value."
"An implantable stimulator and monitor measures a group of heart failure
     parameters indicative of the state of heart failure employing EGM signals,
     measures of blood pressure including absolute pressure P, developed
     pressure (DP=systolic P-diastolic P), and/or dP/dt, and measures of heart
     chamber volume (V) over one or more cardiac cycles. These parameters
     include: (1) relaxation or contraction time constant tau (.tau.); (2)
     mechanical restitution (MR), i.e., the mechanical response of a heart
     chamber to premature stimuli applied to the heart chamber; (3)
     recirculation fraction (RF), i.e., the rate of decay of PESP effects over
     a series of heart cycles; and (4) end systolic elastance (E.sub.ES), i.e.,
     the ratios of end systolic blood pressure P to volume V. These heart
     failure parameters are determined periodically regardless of patient
     posture and activity level. The physician can determine whether a
     particular therapy is appropriate, prescribe the therapy for a period of
     time while again accumulating the stored patient data for a later review
     and assessment to determine whether the applied therapy is beneficial or
     not, thereby enabling periodic changes in therapy, if appropriate. Drug
     therapies and electrical stimulation therapies, including PESP
     stimulation, and pacing therapies including single chamber, dual chamber
     and multi-chamber (bi-atrial and/or bi-ventricular) pacing can be
     delivered. In patient's prone to malignant tachyarrhythmias, the
     assessment of heart failure state can be taken into account in setting
     parameters of detection or classification of tachyarrhythmias and the
     therapies that are delivered."
"A sample-and-hold circuit is described which includes a network of
     thin-film elements in a bridge configuration. Each of the thin-film
     elements exhibits giant magnetoresistance. The circuit also includes a
     plurality of conductors inductively coupled to each of the thin-film
     elements for applying magnetic fields thereto. The circuit is operable
     using the plurality of conductors to sample and store a value
     corresponding to an input signal."
"Disclosed are a spin valve magnetoresistive sensor and methods of
     fabricating the same. The sensor includes a free layer, a synthetic
     antiferromagnetic. (SAF) layer, a spacer layer positioned between the free
     layer and the SAF layer, and a Mn-based antiferromagnetic pinning layer in
     contact with the SAF layer. The SAF layer includes first and second
     ferromagnetic CoFe layers and an Ru spacer layer positioned between and
     directly in contact with the first and second CoFe ferromagnetic layers."
"An object of the invention is to provide thin-film magnetic heads that meet
     specifications required by the customer in a short time and to improve
     yields of the thin-film magnetic heads. A reproducing head of a thin-film
     magnetic head includes an MR element and a bottom shield layer and a top
     shield layer. A recording head of the thin-film magnetic head includes a
     bottom pole layer (top shield layer) and a top pole layer which include
     pole portions opposed to each other while a recording gap layer is placed
     between the pole portions. The recording head further includes a thin-film
     coil placed between the bottom pole layer and the top pole layer. The top
     shield layer includes: a first portion placed in a region including a
     region facing the thin-film coil; a second portion connected to a surface
     of the first portion facing the coil and placed on a side of a bottom
     shield layer; and a third portion connected to the second portion and
     facing the bottom shield layer with the MR element in between. The
     thin-film coil is located on a side of the second portion."
"A head IC amplifies an output of a read head including MR elements and an
     ADC converts the amplified output into a digital value. When a CPU
     performs a head load operation to load a composite head including the read
     head onto a data area of a disk medium from a ramp, the CPU receives the
     output of the read head amplified by the head IC as a detection result of
     an external magnetic field applied to an HDD. The CPU determines whether
     the head load operation is performed or inhibited based on the received,
     amplified output of the read head, that is, the detection result of the
     external magnetic field applied to the HDD."
"A preamplifier circuit of a preamp configured for measuring microwave noise
     of a magnetoresistive element biased by a pair of current sources is
     disclosed. In a preferred embodiment, the preamplifier circuit includes a
     differential amplifier disabled from the preamplifier circuit by a
     amplifier bypass switch, one of the pair bias current sources disabled
     from the preamplifier circuit and referenced to ground by a current bypass
     switch, a test point communicating with the amplifier bypass switch
     providing single ended access to the biased magnetoresistive element for
     measuring the microwave noise of the biased magnetoresistive element
     relative to the ground reference and a ground point communicating with the
     ground reference providing the ground reference for measuring the
     microwave noise of the biased magnetoresistive element."
"A method for forming atomic-scale contacts and atomic-scale gaps between
     two electrodes is disclosed. The method provides for applying a voltage
     between two electrodes in a circuit with a resistor. The applied voltage
     etches metal ions off one electrode and deposits the metal ions onto the
     second electrode. The metal ions are deposited on the sharpest point of
     the second electrode, causing the second electrode to grow towards the
     first electrode until an atomic-scale contact is formed. By increasing the
     magnitude of the resistor, the etching and deposition process will
     terminate prior to contact, forming an atomic-scale gap. The atomic-scale
     contacts and gaps formed according to this method are useful as a variety
     of nanosensors including chemical sensors, biosensors, hydrogen ion
     sensors, heavy metal ion sensors, magnetoresistive sensors, and molecular
     switches."
"Method and apparatus for manipulating and monitoring analyte flowing in
     fluid streams. A giant magnetoresistive sensor has an array of sensing
     elements that produce electrical output signals which vary in dependence
     on changes in the magnetic field proximate the sensing elements. The
     analyte is included in a stream, such that the stream has a magnetic
     property which is dependent on the concentration and distribution on the
     analyte therein. The stream is flowed past the giant magnetoresistive
     sensor and in sufficiently close proximity to cause the magnetic
     properties of the stream to produce electrical output signals. The
     electrical output signals are monitored as an indicator of analyte
     concentration or distribution in the stream flowing past the GMR sensor.
     Changes in the magnetic field produced by the background stream are
     introduced by analyte molecules, whose presence in the flow past the GMR
     will effect the output reading."
"A lapping carrier for machining a row of magneto-resistive elements is
     disclosed. The lapping carrier includes a plurality of movable elements,
     the movable elements terminating at an outer surface to form a generally
     planar mounting surface for a row of magneto-resistive elements. The
     lapping carrier is formed of a ceramic material. A method for lapping or
     machining a row of magneto-resistive elements is also disclosed."
"The present invention provides an improved bias magnet-to-magnetoresistive
     element interface and method of fabrication. In a preferred embodiment,
     the wall/walls of an MR element opposing a bias layer are formed by over
     etching to provide vertical side walls without taper. In the preferred
     embodiment, a protective element is formed over the MR element to protect
     it during etch processes. In some embodiments, a filler layer is deposited
     prior to bias layer formation. In CIP embodiments, any portion of the
     filler layer forming on vertical side walls of the MR element is etched to
     provide an exposed side wall surface for contiguous bias layer formation.
     In CPP embodiments, the filler layer forms on a vertical back wall and
     electrically insulates the MR element from the bias layer. In CIP and CPP
     embodiments, tapered portions of the bias material, which form overhanging
     the MR element, are removed by directional etching to improve the
     direction and stability of the induced longitudinal field within the MR
     element. In some CIP embodiments, tapered overhang removal allows for
     formation of improved lead structures, which may be deposited on the MR
     element closer to the side walls, and which are not pinched off by the
     overhang of an underlying bias layer, thus improving current density
     profile and definition of the actual effective track width of the device."
"Systems and methods for performing a focused ultrasound procedure monitored
     using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is provided. An MRI system uses a
     timing sequence for transmitting radio frequency (RF) signals and
     detecting magnetic resonance (MR) response signals from a patient's body
     in response to the RF pulse sequences. A piezoelectric transducer is
     driven with drive signals such that the transducer emits acoustic energy
     towards a target tissue region within the patient's body. Parameters of
     the drive signals are changed at times during the timing sequence that
     minimize interference with the MRI system detecting MR response signals,
     e.g., during transmission of RF signals by the MRI system."
"The invention includes a magnetoresistive memory device having a memory bit
     stack. The stack includes a first magnetic layer, a second magnetic layer,
     and a non-magnetic layer between the first and second magnetic layers. A
     first conductive line is proximate the stack and configured for
     utilization in reading information from the memory bit. The first
     conductive line is ohmically connecting with either the first or second
     magnetic layer. A second conductive line is spaced from the stack by a
     sufficient distance that the second conductive line is not ohmically
     connected to the stack, and is configured for utilization in writing
     information to the memory bit."
"A pinning layer structure is provided for a spin valve sensor of a read
     head which has a reactively deposited nickel oxide first film which
     underlies a reactively sputter deposited second film of iron oxide
     (Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3) or (Fe.sub.3 O.sub.4). In the preferred embodiment the
     pinning layer is composed of cobalt (Co) or cobalt iron (CoFe) which is
     exchange coupled to the iron oxide (Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3) or (Fe.sub.3
     O.sub.4) second film of the pinning layer. This structure results in an
     improved magnetoresistive coefficient (dr/R) which is substantially
     maintained after annealing so that the magnetic head has good thermal
     stability when subjected to high temperatures in the presence of a field
     that is antiparallel to the pinned orientation of the magnetic moment of
     the pinned layer."
"A magnetoresistive effective type element, comprising: a magnetoresistive
     effective film; a first shielding film of which one main surface is
     adjacent to one main surface of said magnetoresistive effective film; a
     second shielding film of which one main surface is adjacent to the other
     main surface of said magnetoresistive effective film; and a third
     shielding film of which one main surface is adjacent to the other main
     surface of said first shielding film or said second shielding film
     opposite to said magnetoresistive effective film, wherein said first
     shielding film and said second shielding film function as
     current-supplying layers to flow current perpendicular to and through said
     magnetoresistive effective film, and wherein said first shielding film and
     said second shielding film are made of at least one selected from the
     group consisting of NiFe, CoZrTa, FeN, FeAlSi, NiFe alloy, Co-based
     amorphous material and Fe-based soft magnetic material."
"A current-perpendicular-to-plane (CPP) read head with an amorphous magnetic
     bottom shield layer and an amorphous nonmagnetic bottom lead gap layer is
     disclosed. The amorphous magnetic bottom shield layer and amorphous
     nonmagnetic bottom lead layer provide a planar surface for the CPP read
     head deposited thereon to exhibit a low ferromagnetic coupling field and a
     high giant (or tunneling) magnetoresistance coefficient. The amorphous
     magnetic bottom shield layer is preferably formed of an Fe-based or
     Co-based film. The amorphous nonmagnetic bottom lead layer is preferable
     formed of a W-based or Ni-based film."
"A method of magnetic recording/reproducing is disclosed, which comprises
     reproducing with a magnetoresistive head (MR head) signals recorded in a
     magnetic recording medium comprising a support having thereon a magnetic
     layer comprising mainly ferromagnetic particles and a binder, wherein the
     MR head has an element thickness of 50 nm or smaller and the ferromagnetic
     particles are hexagonal-ferrite magnetic particles having an average
     tabular diameter of from 10 to 40 nm and an average tabular thickness
     smaller than the element thickness of the MR head used for reproduction."
"Magnetoresistive devices are formed on the insulating surface of a
     substrate made of silicon. The devices are connected in series through an
     insulating film using a wiring layer formed on the surface of the
     substrate. An insulating film for passivation is formed to cover the
     devices and the wiring layer. A magnetic shield layer of Ni--Fe alloy is
     formed on the passivation insulating film through an organic film for
     relieving thermal stress to cover one of the devices. After removal of the
     sensor chip containing the magnetoresistive devices and other components
     from the wafer, the chip is bonded to a lead frame through an Ag paste
     layer by heat treatment. Preferably, the magnetic shield layer is made of
     a Ni--Fe alloy having a Ni content of 69% or less."
"A method for producing magnetoresistive heads includes the steps of placing
     a substrate having a plurality of transducers in an environment including
     a focused ion beam. The focused ion beam is directed onto the first MR
     element. A property level, generally the resistance associated with the MR
     stripe, of the first MR element is monitored until the resistance reaches
     a desired level. The focused ion beam is redirected onto a second area of
     the substrate which includes the second MR element. The electrical
     resistance of the second MR element is monitored as the focused ion beam
     acts on the second MR element until the resistance of the MR element
     reaches a desired level. Using this process, the resistivity of individual
     MR elements within the substrate can be tightly controlled."
"A slider includes an air-introducing plane, a groove, an air flow-out end,
     and a thin-film magnetic head formed on the air flow-out end. The
     thin-film magnetic head includes a magnetoresistive effect type film which
     includes a first ferromagnetic film having a direction of magnetization
     which is changeable, an antiferromagnetic film, a second ferromagnetic
     film having a direction of magnetization which is fixed, and a
     non-magnetic conductive film disposed between the first ferromagnetic film
     and the second ferromagnetic film. The thin-film magnetic head further
     includes a pair of magnetic domain control films respectively arranged at
     ends of the magnetoresistive effect type film, and a pair of electrodes
     directly overlapping both end domains of the magnetoresistive effect type
     film. A spacing between the electrodes is narrower than a spacing between
     the magnetic domain control films."
"The invention provides a magnetic head capable of positively preventing
     electrostatic breakdown of an MR magnetic head device, and a method of
     manufacturing the magnetic head. A circuit board comprises at least a pair
     of leads for constructing a circuit, lands connected respectively to the
     leads, and solder bumps formed respectively on the lands. The solder bumps
     are arranged in an adjacent relationship and, when the solder bumps are
     crushed, peripheral portions of the solder bumps are pressed or spread so
     as to overlap with each other. The magnetic head includes the circuit
     board."
"Provided are a thin film magnetic head and a method of manufacturing the
     same, which is capable of high density recording and obtaining stable
     output. The thin film magnetic head includes an MR film sandwiched in
     between first and second shield layers. The first shield layer includes an
     inner layer, a magnetization stabilizing layer, an underlayer, and an
     outer layer laminated in order from the MR film. The second shield layer
     includes an inner layer, a magnetization stabilizing layer, an isolating
     layer, and an outer layer laminated in order from the MR film. The
     magnetization stabilizing layers are formed of antiferromagnetic material,
     so as to control the direction of magnetization of the inner layers."
"A magnetic data storage and retrieval system includes a magnetoresistive
     head, a resistor, a preamplifier circuit, a voltage measurement circuit,
     and a resistance calculation circuit. The preamplifier circuit is operably
     coupled to the magnetoresistive head and the resistor, and applies a first
     current to the magnetoresistive head and a second current to the resistor.
     The voltage measurement circuit measures a first voltage across the
     magnetoresistive head and a second voltage across the resistor. The
     resistance calculation circuit calculates a resistance of the
     magnetoresistive head based upon the first and second voltages."
"A magneto-resistive device with built-in test structure. The
     magneto-resistive device includes a slider having first and second lower
     termination pads and first and second upper termination pads. A first
     conductive trace element electrically couples the first lower termination
     pad to the first upper termination pad and a second conductive trace
     element electrically couples the second lower termination pad to said
     second upper termination pad. The magneto-resistive device also includes a
     magneto-resistive transducer deposited on the slider and the resistance of
     the magneto-resistive transducer is obtained by passing an electrical
     current between the first and second lower termination pads and measuring
     a voltage across the first and second upper termination pads."
"A magnetoresistance effect devices having a magnetization free layer free
     to rotate in an applied magnetic field. The magnetization free layer may
     include first and second ferromagnetic material layers with a nonmagnetic
     material layer disposed between the two ferromagnetic material layers.
     Those ferromagnetic materials are antiferromagnetically coupled with each
     other at a magnetic coupling field J (-3 [kOe].ltoreq.J&lt;0 [kOe]) or
     ferromagnetically coupled with each other. Alternatively, the
     magnetization free film includes a first ferromagnetic material layer
     including a center region having a first magnetization and edge regions
     having a second magnetization different from the first magnetization and a
     second ferromagnetic material layer including a center region having a
     third magnetization parallel to the first magnetization and edge regions
     having a fourth magnetization different from the third magnetization. In
     another embodiment, a roughness at an interface between the first
     ferromagnetic material layer and the first nonmagnetic material coupling
     layer or an interface between the first second ferromagnetic material
     layer and the first nonmagnetic material coupling layer is more than 2
     angstroms. Also, the magnetization free layer may be formed of
     ferromagnetic material portions ferromagnetically coupled to each other,
     or of a nonmagnetic material layer and a first ferromagnetic material
     layer having a non-uniform film thickness."
"A magnetoresistive transducer includes a substrate and a magnetoresistive
     assembly. At least one bleed resistor couples the magnetoresistive
     assembly to the substrate. The bleed resistor has a relative large
     electrical resistance and provides a discharge path for accumulated
     charge. The arrangement effectively prevents electrostatic discharge
     damage to the sensor."
"The invention provides a magnetoresistive effect sensor that is a yoke type
     magnetoresistive effect sensor having a tunnel magnetoresistive effect
     film, which is operated stably with suppressed Barkhausen noise, and
     provides a reproducing head and a magnetic disk apparatus that use the
     magnetoresistive effect sensor. The magnetoresistive effect sensor is
     provided with a tunnel magnetoresistive effect film, a pair of electrodes
     for supplying a current in the film thickness direction of the
     magnetoresistive effect film, and a magnetic flux guide for guiding a
     magnetic flux from the recording medium: surface to the magnetoresistive
     effect film, wherein the magnetic domain of a free layer of the tunnel
     type magnetoresistive effect film and the magnetic domain of the magnetic
     flux guide are both controllable together."
"An MR thin-film magnetic head includes a lower shield layer, an MR
     multilayer laminated on the lower shield layer, in the MR multilayer, a
     current flowing in a direction perpendicular to surfaces of layers of the
     MR multilayer, an upper gap layer made of a nonmagnetic electrically
     conductive material and laminated on the MR multilayer, an insulation gap
     layer made of insulation material and formed between the lower shield
     layer and the upper gap layer, and an upper shield layer laminated on the
     upper gap layer. A thickness of the insulation gap layer is larger than
     that of the upper gap layer."
"An impedance controlling circuit (152) is connected across an MR head (42)
     and has two current paths, each including a control transistor (154,156),
     a current path resistor (160,158), and a biasing circuit (162,164) in
     series. Each side of the MR head 42 is connected between a respective one
     of the current path resistors (158,160) and the biasing circuits
     (162,168). A shunt resistor (170) is connected between the control
     transistors (154,156) and the current path resistors (158,160) in each of
     the current paths. When the control transistors (154,156) are not
     conducting, the current path resistors (158,160) and the shunt resistor
     (170) shunt the MR head (42)."
"Magnetoresistive sensors for angle measurements such as, for example, the
     sensors of the type KMZ 41, manufactured and marketed by Philips
     Semiconductors, utilize the effect that a sufficiently strong, external
     magnetic field H rotates the internal magnetization M in a parallel
     direction. In the case of said sensor KMZ 41, the magnetic field strength
     required for full alignment of the internal magnetization is 70 to 100
     kA/m.
A reduction of this high field strength is desirable and may be achieved by
     increasing the tendency of the internal magnetization to change its
     direction. An increase of the tendency of the internal magnetization to
     change its alignment is achieved in accordance with the invention by using
     a trigger structure and strip-shaped sensor elements of NiFe material
     which have elliptic contours or tapered ends.
The trigger structure has a circular surface of NiFe material which is not
     electrically contacted. The internal magnetization of a circular surface
     may be rotated very easily, i.e. by weak magnetic fields. Via an
     electrostatic interaction, the tendency of a small rotation of the
     magnetization can be transferred to adjacent MR strips (i.e. sensor
     elements) of NiFe material, for which purpose these MR strips must be
     arranged closely adjacent to each other. A reduction of the magnetic field
     strength required for a saturation, i.e. full alignment, to 20 to 30 kA/m
     is thereby possible."
"Automatic coil selection is based on determining an index gauge for a
     corresponding k-space data line acquired for each preselected coil during
     a prescan. Reliance on manual coil selection and markers is eliminated by
     adaptively determining the coils of an MR system that produce a preferred
     sensitivity to a desired field-of-view (FOV). The fast scan data is used
     to determine those coils most sensitive to the FOV and reject coil(s)
     least sensitive. Using only data acquired with the most sensitive coils,
     SNR is increased and unwanted artifacts are reduced in the final data
     acquisition and image reconstruction. Through automatic and adaptive
     selection/deselection, the invention reduces the susceptibility to human
     error, and therefore results in higher quality images."
"A magneto-resistive memory that has a shared word line and sense line is
     disclosed. By providing the shared word line and sense line, the number of
     relatively large drivers required to drive the word line and sense line
     currents can be reduced. This reduces the peripheral overhead of the
     memory, and may increase the overall density and reduce the overall power
     of the memory."
"The present invention is aimed at decreasing the current required for
     writing in a magnetic random access memory (MRAM), and power consumption
     thereof. In a magnetic random access memory of the present invention,
     information is written in memory elements arranged in a same row or column
     by performing once each of the first information writing step of applying
     a first magnetic field to put memory elements in the high-resistance
     state, and the second information writing step of applying a second
     magnetic field to the memory elements in which the first information has
     not been written to write information in all memory elements in the same
     row under recording of information. Alternatively, a magnetic random
     access memory includes a plurality of first wirings for applying a
     magnetic field in the direction of the easy magnetization axis of a
     magnetic layer, and a plurality of second wirings for applying a magnetic
     field in a direction inclined from the direction of the easy magnetization
     axis of the magnetic layer, wherein a current is passed through one of the
     second wirings to apply a magnetic field to all memory elements arranged
     in a same row or column of the rows or columns of a plurality of the
     memory cells arranged in parallel to the second wirings, and currents are
     passed through the plurality of first wirings in directions according to
     the information to be recorded in the respective memory elements
     synchronously with the current pulse passed through the second wiring to
     apply a magnetic field to each of the magnetoresistive elements, thereby
     recording information on the plurality of memory elements arranged in the
     same row or column."
"An antiparallel (AP)-pinned magnetoresistive tunnel junction (MTJ) sensor
     is provided with a single antiferromagnetic (AFM) layer sandwiched between
     an AP-pinned layer and a bias layer for pinning the magnetization
     directions of the AP-pinned layer and the bias layer. The bias layer may
     be a simple ferromagnetic bias layer or, alternatively, may be an
     AP-pinned bias layer including first and second ferromagnetic bias layers
     with an antiferromagnetic coupling layer sandwiched between. The bias
     layer provides a demagnetization field H.sub.dmB at the free layer having
     the same direction as the demagnetization field H.sub.dmP from the
     AP-pinned layer. The sum of H.sub.dmP and H.sub.dmB counterbalance a
     ferromagnetic coupling field H.sub.FC from the AP-pinned layer to obtain
     zero or near zero asymmetry of the bias point on the transfer curve of the
     MTJ sensor."
"The present invention provides a magnetoresistive device including a
     multi-layered structure of a free magnetic layer, a non-magnetic
     non-conductive layer in contact with the free magnetic layer, a pinned
     layer in contact with the non-magnetic non-conductive layer, and a pinning
     layer in contact with the pinned layer for pinning a magnetization
     direction of the pinned layer, wherein at least any one of the free
     magnetic layer and the pinned layer has an interface region abutting the
     non-magnetic non-conductive layer, and at least a part of the interface
     region includes at least one material selected from the group consisting
     of CoFeB, CoZrMo, CoZrNb, CoZr, CoZrTa, CoHf, CoTa, CoTaHf, CoFeTi,
     CoNbHf, CoHfPd, CoTaZrNb, and CoZrMoNi."
"A current perpendicular to plane type magnetoresistive device has a
     magnetoresistive film, a pair of electrodes which allow a sense current to
     flow through the magnetoresistive film in a perpendicular direction to the
     plane thereof, and a biasing film which imparts a biasing magnetic field
     to the magnetoresistive film in a parallel direction to film plane. The
     direction of the magnetic field generated by the sense current flowing
     through the magnetoresistive film in the perpendicular direction to film
     plane is made substantially anti-parallel to the direction of the biasing
     magnetic field in a vicinity of a portion of the magnetoresistive film
     where a signal magnetic flux is introduced."
"Electronic circuit for dimension-measuring device with magneto-resistive
     electrodes supplying at least one feed voltage for feeding a network of
     magneto-resistive electrodes and a measuring circuit comprising two
     differential inputs connected to the network. The measuring circuit uses a
     rough counter and a fine interpolation circuit for determining from the
     two sinusoidal input signals received the position of the sensor along the
     scale. The feed circuit periodically reduces the supplied electric feed
     voltage so as to temporarily lessen the dissipation of energy in the
     magneto-resistive electrodes."
"A magnetic recording medium that is capable of recording and reading back
     information at a higher density by improving the read/write
     characteristics and thermal stability, a method of manufacture therefor,
     and a magnetic read/write apparatus are provided. This magnetic recording
     medium, comprises an orientation control film that controls the
     orientation of a film provided directly thereabove, a perpendicular
     magnetic film, of which the axis of easy magnetization is generally
     oriented perpendicular to a non-magnetic substrate, and a protective film,
     that are provided on the non-magnetic substrate, wherein the perpendicular
     magnetic film is made of a material which contains Co, Cr, Pt and Cu, the
     Cr content being 16 at % to 24 at % and the Cu content being 0.1 at % to 4
     at %, and a coercive force (Hc) of the perpendicular magnetic film being
     at least 3000 (Oe), negative nucleation field (-Hn) being 0 (Oe) to 2500
     (Oe), and a ratio of residual magnetization (Mr) to saturation
     magnetization (Ms) being at least 0.85."
"A horizontal combined head is provided which has both a thin film write and
     an MR read element located at an air bearing surface (ABS). The read
     element can be formed with a track width that is independent of the track
     width of the write element. The MR sensor or the read element is separated
     from one of the first and second pole pieces of the write element by an
     insulation layer. Accordingly, the shields for the read element remain
     more stable after a write operation. In one embodiment of the present
     invention a single stripe MR sensor is employed while in a second
     embodiment a dual stripe MR sensor is employed. A method of the invention
     includes forming the dual MR stripe in a single process step so that the
     dual MR stripes of the dual MR sensor are near identical for implementing
     near absolute common mode rejection of noise."
"An MR scanner with a setting mechanism for patient-dependent control of the
     radio-frequency fields and magnetic fields for adhering to individual SAR
     and dB/dt limits, has an optical measuring device containing a distance
     sensor for determining the surface of a patient and for determining a
     setting signal for the setting mechanism."
"A magnetoresistive film of a structure comprising a non-magnetic film being
     put between magnetic films. At least one of the magnetic films is a
     perpendicular magnetic anisotropy film including a rate earth metal, Fe
     and Co as main ingredients. And, composition of Co to Fe and Co is within
     a range from 8 atomic percent to 97 atomic percent both inclusive. A
     memory comprises a plurality of magnetoresistive films described in the
     above as memory elements; unit for recording information in the
     magnetoresistive films; and unit for reading the information recorded in
     the magnetoresistive films."
"A method and system for providing a magnetoresistive sensor that reads data
     from a recording media is disclosed. The method and system include
     providing an antiferromagnetic layer, providing a pinned layer without
     adversely affecting performance of the magnetoresistance sensor, providing
     a free layer, and providing an insulating spacer layer disposed between
     the pinned layer and the free layer. The pinned layer is magnetically
     coupled to the antiferromagnetic layer. The pinned layer is also a half
     metallic ferromagnet. The free layer is ferromagnetic. The insulating
     spacer layer is sufficiently thin to allow tunneling of charge carriers
     between the pinned layer and the free layer. Furthermore, the insulating
     spacer layer allows for d-bonding between a portion of the insulating
     layer and a portion of the free layer and pinned layer layer."
"A magnetoresistive head has a magnetoresistive element including an
     antiferromagnetic layer, a second magnetic layer on the antiferromagnetic
     layer, a non-magnetic interlayer on the second magnetic layer, and a first
     magnetic layer on the non-magnetic interlayer. The first magnetic layer
     has at least one region at an end thereof which has a smaller saturation
     magnetization than the central part of the first magnetic layer. The end
     region has a width Xe (in the track width direction) defined by
     0.08.ltoreq.Xe/Twr.ltoreq.0.2, where Twr denotes the track width. The
     magnetoresistive element is held between an upper shield and a lower
     shield. The effect of this construction is that the end regions of the
     first magnetic layer are more affected by the longitudinal bias field than
     the central part of the first magnetic layer. Consequently, the occurrence
     of magnetic domains is efficiently suppressed in the end regions of the
     first magnetic layer."
"A magnetoresistance effect magnetic head includes a magnetoresistance
     effect element having first and second ends. An electrically insulating
     biasing portion is at ends of the magnetoresistance effect element to
     apply a longitudinal bias magnetic field to the magnetoresistance effect
     element and to suppress leakage current at the ends of the
     magnetoresistance element. The biasing portion can include an intermediate
     longitudinal bias application layer disposed between a first insulating
     antiferromagnetic layer and a second layer that can be an
     antiferromagnetic layer. The bias portion can also be formed as one bias
     application layer."
"An exchange-coupled magnetic structure of a cobalt-ferrite layer adjacent a
     magnetic metal layer is used in magnetorestive sensors, such as spin
     valves or tunnel junction valves. The exchange-coupled magnetic structure
     is used in a pinning structure pinning the magnetization of a
     ferromagnetic pinned layer, or in an AP pinned layer. A low coercivity
     ferrite may be used in an AP free layer. Cobalt-ferrite layers may be
     formed by co-sputtering of Co and Fe in an oxygen/argon gas mixture, or by
     sputtering of a CoFe.sub.2 composition target in an oxygen/argon gas
     mixture. Alternatively, the cobalt-ferrite layer may be formed by
     evaporation of Co and Fe from an alloy source or separate sources along
     with a flux of oxygen atoms from a RF oxygen atom beam source.
     Magnetoresistive sensors including cobalt-ferrite layers have small read
     gaps and produce large signals with high efficiency."
"A slider (34) for reading data from a disk surface (80), the slider (80)
     including a magneto-resistive head (36). The head (36) includes a
     transducer (58) having a stack of layers (59), each layer (62,66,70,74)
     having a proximal end (64,68,72,76) proximal to the disk surface, and a
     pair of electrical leads (82), connected to the transducer (58), each one
     of the electrical leads (82) also having a proximal end (83) proximal to
     the disk surface (80). At least one of the proximal ends (83) of the
     electrical leads (82) and the layers (66) is recessed to provide one or
     more recessed areas (92). The recessed areas (92) are then filled with
     protective material (94) to a depth such that when the layer of protective
     material (48) is worn from the proximal ends (64,68,72,76,83) by
     burnishing by the disk surface (80), protective material (94) still
     remains in the recessed areas (92). Also disclosed is a method of
     fabrication of a slider (80) having recessed areas (92) filled with
     protective material (92) which protect materials from corrosion and
     electrical spiking."
"A read head includes: an MR element that detects a magnetic field; a pair
     of electrode layers for feeding a sense current to the MR element; and a
     bottom shield layer and a top shield layer that sandwich and shield the MR
     element and the electrode layers; a bottom insulating layer disposed
     between the MR element/the electrode layers and the bottom shield layer; a
     top insulating layer disposed between the MR element/the electrode layers
     and the top shield layer; a bottom semiconductor layer that is made up of
     a single layer and disposed between the electrode layers and the bottom
     shield layer, for connecting the electrode layers and the bottom shield
     layer; and a top semiconductor layer that is made up of a single layer and
     disposed between the electrode layers and the top shield layer, for
     connecting the electrode layers and the top shield layer."
"A read/write system for reading information from a magnetic storage medium
     using a magnetoresistive head and for providing an output signal
     representative of the information read includes a differential pair
     circuit, an input voltage offset compensation circuit, and an input
     current offset compensation circuit. The differential pair circuit is ac
     coupled to first and second input signal nodes and includes first and
     second transistors, first and second load resistors, and a current
     generator. The input voltage offset compensation circuit is coupled to the
     differential pair circuit and includes a switch network and a Gm stage.
     The input current offset compensation circuit is coupled to the
     differential pair circuit and includes an integrator circuit and first and
     second biasing resistors."
"A rotary position sensor featuring a magnetized rotor which produces a
     magnetic flux density that varies sinusoidally with respect to the angular
     position of the rotor, which may be either a selectively magnetized ring
     or disk. The magnetic flux density produced by the rotor is measured by a
     sensor that responds in a linear fashion to the magnitude of the radial
     component of the magnetic flux density. Typical embodiments would use
     magnetic flux density sensors, as for example either linear Hall sensors
     or magnetoresistive type sensors. The measured magnetic flux densities are
     then used as in a traditional resolver to compute position or used to
     directly generate control signals to operate, for example, a motor."
"A production method of the present invention is a method of producing a
     spin valve type giant magnetoresistive thin film. In this production
     method, a buffer layer, an antiferromagnetic layer, a fixed magnetization
     layer, a nonmagnetic conductive layer, a free magnetization layer, and a
     protective layer are consecutively stacked on a substrate. Furter, plasma
     treatment is performed on predetermined stacked interfaces in the spin
     valve type giant magnetoresistive thin film to reduce the interlayer
     coupling magnetic field acting between the fixed magnetization layer and
     the free magnetization layer and to obtain a high MR ratio. The above
     production method can achieve both of the high MR ratio and low interlayer
     coupling magnetic field (Hin) in the thin film produced."
"A reproducing head of a thin-film magnetic head incorporates an MR element,
     a pair of bias field applying layers located to be adjacent to the side
     portions of the MR element, and a pair of electrode layers that are
     located on the bias field applying layers and overlap the MR element. The
     electrode layers each have a first layer that is laid over part of the top
     surface of the MR element via a protection layer, and a second layer that
     overlaps the first layer. In the method of manufacturing the reproducing
     head, after forming the protection layer on an element-to-be film to make
     the MR element, a first electrode-to-be film to make the first layers is
     formed continuously without interposing a step of exposing the protection
     layer to the air."
"In a production process of an MR head using the tunnel junction film
     basically consisting of a free layer, a barrier layer, and a pinned layer,
     the resistance between the free layer and the pined layer reduced
     beforehand and increased afterward up to a resistance value necessary when
     actually used. While the resistance between the free layer and the pinned
     layer is low, current can easily flow, suppressing charge up, thus
     preventing insulation destruction of the barrier layer. This significantly
     increases a production yield of a recording/reproduction head using a
     ferromagnetic tunnel junction element."
"A magnetic memory includes: a magnetoresistance effect element having a
     magnetic recording layer; a first wiring extending in a first direction on
     or below the magnetoresistance effect element; a covering layer provided
     at least both sides of the first wiring, the covering layer being made of
     magnetic material, and the covering layer having a uniaxial anisotropy in
     the first direction along which a magnetization of the covering layer
     occurs easily; and a writing circuit configured to pass a current through
     the first wiring in order to record an information in the magnetic
     recording layer by a magnetic field generated by the current."
"A memory cell in a MRAM includes four N channel MOS transistors responsive
     to a write permit signal attaining an H level to connect program lines of
     first and second tunneling magneto-resistance elements between first and
     second storage nodes and a line of ground potential to write signals in
     the first and second storage nodes to the first and second tunneling
     magneto-resistance elements. The writing of signals to first and second
     tunneling magneto-resistance elements can be performed more rapidly than
     the conventional case where signals in the first and second storage nodes
     are read out, and then written into the tunneling magneto-resistance
     elements via a write circuit and a write bit line pair."
"A multivalue magnetoresistive read/write memory and method of writing to
     and reading from such a memory. The invention has, inter alia, one or more
     storage cells, each storage cell having two intersecting electric
     conductors and a layer system comprising magnetic layers located at the
     intersection of the electric conductors. The memory is characterized in
     that the layer system is designated as a multilayer system with two or
     more magnetic layers, wherein at least two of the magnetic layers have a
     magnetization direction that can be set independently of one another.
     Further, the magnetization direction of the individual layers may be
     changed on the basis of the electric current flowing through the electric
     conductors."
"A magneto-resistive element includes a vertical current type
     magneto-resistive element; a first conductor for causing a current to flow
     into the vertical current type magneto-resistive element; and a second
     conductor for causing the current to flow out of the vertical current type
     magneto-resistive element. The first conductor generates a first magnetic
     field based on the current. The second conductor generates a second
     magnetic field based on the current. The first conductor and the second
     conductor are located so that the first magnetic field and the second
     magnetic field act as a bias magnetic field applied on the vertical
     current type magneto-resistive element."
"A magnetoresistive head includes a first magnetic shield, an
     antiferromagnetic layer provided on the first magnetic shield, a pinned
     ferromagnetic layer provided on the antiferromagnetic layer, a nonmagnetic
     intermediate layer provided on the pinned ferromagnetic layer, and a free
     ferromagnetic layer provided on the nonmagnetic intermediate layer. The
     magnetoresistive head further includes a pair of hard magnetic film bias
     layers provided on the opposite sides of the free ferromagnetic layer, a
     pair of terminal layers provided on the hard magnetic film bias layers, a
     metal oxide film formed on the free ferromagnetic layer at an exposed
     portion between the pair of terminal layers, and a second magnetic shield
     provided on the pair of terminal layers and the metal oxide film."
"Multiple thin films of spin-valve GMR sensor are formed in a trapezoidal
     cross-sectional shape by laminating an antiferromagnetic layer, a pinned
     magnetic layer, a nonmagnetic conductive layer, a free magnetic layer and
     a nonmagnetic protective layer on a lower insulated gap layer. The amount
     of etching of the lower insulated gap layer produced in the process of
     patterning the spin-valve giant magnetoresistive layers into the multiple
     thin films of spin-valve GMR sensor is 10 nm or less. Further, the angle
     .theta. which the tangent line of each side face of the multiple thin
     films to the middle line of the free magnetic layer in its thickness
     direction forms with respect to the middle line of the free magnetic layer
     becomes 45 degrees or more. This structure makes it possible to provide
     such a spin-valve giant magnetoresistive head that it meets the
     requirements for securing constant breakdown voltage and preventing
     instability of MR output voltage waveform."
"Advanced processing techniques can be used to enhance the robustness,
     efficiency, and quality of several parallel imaging techniques, such as
     SMASH, SENSE and subencoding. Specifically, a magnetic resonance image is
     formed by measuring RF signals in an array of RF coils, and tailoring a
     set of spatial harmonic functions to form a set of tailored spatial
     harmonics that are adjusted for variations in at least one of angulation
     of an image plane, field of view, and coil sensitivity calibration. The
     harmonics may be tailored by selecting automatically a subset of the set
     of spatial harmonic functions, adjusting the set of spatial harmonic
     functions by a function not equal to 1, to adjust for sensitivity
     variations along a phase encode direction, and/or performing separate
     spatial harmonic fits of the coil sensitivities at different spatial
     positions to the set of tailored spatial harmonics. The magnetic resonance
     image may also be formed by generating a set of encoding functions
     representative a spatial distribution of receiver coil sensitivities and
     spatial modulations corresponding to the gradient encoding steps,
     transforming the set of encoding functions to generate a new set of
     functions representative of distinct spatial positions in the image, and
     applying the new set of functions to a set of MR signals to form the
     magnetic resonance image. Matrices inverted during the process of forming
     the magnetic resonance image may be conditioned by thresholding the
     eigenvalues of the matrix prior to inversion."
"A probe for measuring a leakage magnetic field includes a substrate, a
     flexible cantilever having one end fixed to the substrate and a free end,
     and at least one magneto resistive element arranged on the free end of the
     cantilever. The magneto resistive element has a width within a range from
     10 nm to 1 .mu.m as measured in a direction perpendicular to a
     longitudinal direction of the cantilever and in a direction in which the
     cantilever can be deflected."
"The invention provides a magnetic head capable of positively preventing
     electrostatic breakdown of an MR magnetic head device, and a method of
     manufacturing the magnetic head. A circuit board comprises at least a pair
     of leads for constructing a circuit, lands connected respectively to the
     leads, and solder bumps formed respectively on the lands. The solder bumps
     are arranged in an adjacent relationship and, when the solder bumps are
     crushed, peripheral portions of the solder bumps are pressed or spread so
     as to overlap with each other. The magnetic head includes the circuit
     board."
"Each memory cell of a magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) array
     has a magnetoresistive tunnel junction (MTJ) and a transistor coupled to
     the MTJ. Writing, occurs by write lines along rows and columns of the
     array. One set of the write lines is connected to the end of the MTJs that
     is not connected to the transistors. These write lines are thereby close
     to the MTJs and thus have good magnetic coupling to the MTJs, which is
     important in keeping write current low. These write lines are driven on
     one end by drivers. Sensing on the other hand occurs on a read bit line
     that is coupled to the end of the transistor of the memory cell that is
     not coupled to the MTJ. By having the sense amplifier(s) on a different
     line from the write drivers, sensing is not slowed by the capacitance of
     the write drivers."
"A technique to read a stored state in a magnetoresistive random access
     memory (MRAM) device, such as a giant magneto-resistance (GMR) MRAM device
     or a tunneling magneto-resistance (TMR) device uses a bit line in an MRAM
     device that is segmented into a first portion and a second portion. An
     interface circuit compares the resistance of a first portion and a second
     portion of a first bit line to the resistance of a first portion and a
     second portion of a second bit line to determine the logical state of a
     cell in the first bit line. The interface circuit includes a reset circuit
     that selectively couples the outputs of the interface circuit together. A
     subsequent decoupling of the outputs allows cross-coupling within the
     interface circuit to latch the outputs to a logical state corresponding to
     the stored magnetic site, thereby allowing the stored state of a cell to
     be read."
"A magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) has separate read and write
     paths. Switchable current mirrors, each having multiple series-connected
     stages, receive a common reference current. A timing circuit provides
     control signals to word and bit decoders and to the switchable current
     mirrors to selectively complete current paths through a predetermined
     write word line and a predetermined write bit line. Bit lines are
     connected together at a common end, and word lines are connected together
     at a common end. By precharging a common rail having multiple write bit
     lines connected together, the write noise immunity is improved and current
     spikes are minimized. Groups of bit lines may be connected via a metal
     option to adjust a transition time of a programming current."
"A giant magneto-resistive effect element (1) comprises a lamination layer
     film (2) including a ferromagnetic film and wherein a nonmagnetic film and
     an antiferromagnetic film, the ferromagnetic film includes a magnetization
     free layer (13) and a magnetization fixed layer, a current is restricted
     by an upper electrode and a lower electrode in such a manner that the
     current may flow in the direction perpendicular to the film plane of the
     lamination layer film (2), the lamination layer film (2) is laminated
     including a high-resistance layer (21), a hard magnetic film (3) made of a
     conductive hard magnetic material and an insulating layer (4) are directly
     bonded to respective outsides of this lamination layer film (2) along its
     width direction and this hard magnetic film (3) is shifted from the
     high-resistance layer (21) and bonded near the magnetization free layer
     (13). A magneto-resistive effect type head, a thin-film magnetic memory
     and a thin-film magnetic sensor include the giant magneto-resistive effect
     element (1). The giant magneto-resistive effect element can obtain a high
     output, a high resistance and is able to cope with high recording density.
     Also, the magneto-resistive effect head, the thin-film magnetic memory and
     the thin-film magnetic sensor may include this giant magneto-resistive
     effect element."
"A magnetoresistive sensor for sensing a magnetic storage medium includes a
     free layer that has a magnetic anisotropy that supports stable magnetic
     states. A magnetic field generator biases the stable states of the free
     layer. The magnetic field generator may permanently bias the free layer
     through the use of permanent magnets or may intermittently bias the free
     layer with a magnetic field generated by an alternating current. A
     magnetic storage medium is located proximate to the magnetoresistive
     sensor. The magnetoresistive sensor switches between stable magnetic
     states in response to the data on the magnetic storage medium. The
     magnetoresistive sensor senses the data stored in sectors on a magnetic
     medium by magnetically biasing the free layer, positioning the sensor
     proximate to a sector of the magnetic medium to be sensed, removing the
     magnetic bias and then sensing the magnetic state of the free layer while
     the magnetic bias is removed."
"A magnetoresistive sensor includes a magnetoresistive element and equipment
     which generates a magnetic field in the magnetoresistive element thereby
     inducing a biasing magnetic field in the element, where the
     magnetoresistive element comprises a high electron mobility semiconductor
     and electrodes which are connected to the semiconductor. If it is an
     insulator, the equipment, which generates the biasing magnetic field and
     supplies it to the magnetoresistive element, may contact directly to the
     magnetoresistive element. If it is a conductor, an insulating separation
     layer must be set between the equipment and the element. A
     magnetoresistive element is representatively Corbino disk type or a bar
     type magnetoresistive element. Another candidate of the magnetoresistive
     element is an element consisting of a high electron mobility
     semiconductor, a pair of electrodes which make a current path in the high
     electron mobility semiconductor, and another pair of electrodes to detect
     the induced voltage by the current."
"The invention relates to an MR method wherein disturbing MR signals from
     peripheral regions outside the isocenter are suppressed in that a
     location-dependent, brief, steady magnetic field is produced
     simultaneously with an RF pulse. When the field strength of the magnetic
     field in the peripheral regions is either larger or smaller than that at
     the isocenter, it can be achieved that exclusively the nuclear
     magnetization in the peripheral regions is excited, which magnetization
     can subsequently be dephased. The subsequent MR sequence then influences
     only the region around the isocenter."
"The integrated planer motor assembly consists of two parts:
    a. A integrated planer stator assembly that combines the motors stator
     coils, biased MR sensors and the motor's variable speed control IC into a
     single part using advanced high volume semi-conductor manufacturing
     processes;
    b. A planer rotor assembly having a precise planer surface containing the
     high energy permanent magnet and the ceramic ferrite return structure.
The rotor assembly is assembled to the stator assembly using a precision
     washer to establish the motors small and precise air gap thus maximizing
     magnetic flux density."
"A magnetoresistive element includes first, second, and third magnetic
     layers and a nonmagnetic layer. The first magnetic layer is magnetized
     perpendicularly to the film surface. The second magnetic layer is
     magnetized perpendicularly to the film surface and has a coercive force
     higher than that of the first magnetic layer. The nonmagnetic layer is
     inserted between the first and second magnetic layers. The third magnetic
     layer has a coercive force higher than that of the first magnetic layer
     and is magnetized antiparallel to the second magnetic layer. A memory
     element and recording/reproduction method are also disclosed."
"A read sensor for use in a magnetic read head includes a magnetoresistive
     stack having a plurality of layers, and first and second shield regions
     positioned adjacent to the magnetoresistive stack. Each of the shield
     regions includes a first soft magnetic layer for shunting flux from an
     adjacent track to the shield region instead of the magnetoresistive stack."
"A method for making a magnetic sensor for a disk drive read head, the
     method comprising the steps of depositing a magnetoresistive stack on a
     surface of a first layer of material, depositing a resist layer on a first
     portion of the magnetoresistive stack, removing a second portion of the
     magnetoresistive stack not covered by the resist layer, depositing a layer
     of additional material on the magnetoresistive stack, the resist material,
     and the surface of the first layer, removing the additional material from
     sidewalls of the resist material, and using a lift-off process to remove
     the resist material. Magnetic sensors made by the above process are also
     included. A method for making a semiconductor device is also provided, the
     method comprising the steps of depositing a layer of first material on a
     surface of substrate, depositing a resist layer on a first portion of the
     first material, removing a second portion of the layer of the first
     material not covered by the resist layer, depositing a layer of additional
     material on the first material, the resist layer, and the surface of the
     substrate, removing the additional material from sidewalls of the resist
     layer, and using a lift-off process to remove the resist layer."
"A ferromagnetic thin-film based magnetoresistive device with a first
     ferromagnetic material based film having electrically conductive,
     ferromagnetic material nanogranules embedded in an intergranular material
     of a smaller electrical conductivity first nonmagnetic. The device may
     have an intermediate layer adjacent the first ferromagnetic material based
     film and a second film is on the other side of the intermediate layer of a
     substantially ferromagnetic material. The first film is less than 1.0
     .mu.m thick."
"A method and apparatus for the manufacture of thin film magnetic
     transducers using a compliant pad or mat or surface in a lapping process
     is disclosed. The lapping process is applied to heads to eliminate both
     ductile element connections between the MR and shields and poletip and
     shield protrusion. A lapping media is dispensed onto an interface surface
     of a compliant pad. Then, the interface surface is engaged to the surface
     of a head outside a region comprising transducers defining a head gap. The
     pad is then moved over the head in a direction parallel to the head gap
     while using a head rail to guide the pad. The soft, compliant pad conforms
     to the head rail to ensure parallel movement. The pad is typically not
     stopped at the elements, but rather moves from one end of the head to the
     other to prevent bridging and damage that might occur during start/stop on
     the delicate elements. The lapping media contains a combination of
     chemical and mechanical agents, wherein the chemical etchants are
     specifically adjusted to give a desired head profile for the poletips. The
     chemical etchants are formed by adding dilute acid, for example, to the
     conventional lapping media used at the interface surface. The added
     etchant selectively removes iron containing poles to advance the poletips
     below a surrounding insulator layer. Moving of the compliant pad causes
     the mechanical etchants to eliminate element bridges and smears between
     the MR element and shields."
"Cardiac pacing systems are disclosed for providing multi-site pacing in a
     single heart chamber or multi-chamber pacing in two or more heart chambers
     employing N pacing channels and miniaturized electrical isolation
     circuitry in up to N-1 pacing channels to minimize the effects of leakage
     currents generated during delivery of a pacing pulse in any one pacing
     channel from affecting sense amplifiers in the other pacing channels.
     Isolation of a the pace/sense electrodes from leakage currents is effected
     employing monolithic isolation circuit means. An isolated current
     replicator employing giant magnetoresistive (GMR) sense elements in
     conjunction with isolated planar cells fabricated in monolithic form is
     incorporated into conventional VLSI circuitry. Or, the monolithic
     isolation circuit means is formed of a micro-mechanical fabricated (MEMS)
     isolation transformer comprising low-loss input and output coils separated
     by an insulation layer that isolates the input coil from the output coil."
"A magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) has separate read and write
     paths. Switchable current mirrors, each having multiple series-connected
     stages, receive a common reference current. A timing circuit provides
     control signals to word and bit decoders and to the switchable current
     mirrors to selectively complete current paths through a predetermined
     write word line and a predetermined write bit line. Bit lines are
     connected together at a common end, and word lines are connected together
     at a common end. By precharging a common rail having multiple write bit
     lines connected together, the write noise immunity is improved and current
     spikes are minimized. Groups of bit lines may be connected via a metal
     option to adjust a transition time of a programming current."
"There is provided a magnetoresistive film in which an interlayer coupling
     field H.sub.in is minimized and a large regeneration output is produced. A
     multilayered film includes an underlayer 1, an antiferromagnetic layer 2,
     a pinned magnetic layer 3, a nonmagnetic middle layer 4, and a free
     magnetic layer 5, the pinned magnetic layer comprises a first soft
     magnetic layer 3.sub.-- 1 and a second soft magnetic layer 3.sub.-- 3
     formed of soft magnetic materials and an antiparallel coupling middle
     layer 3.sub.-- 2, formed between the soft magnetic layers, for coupling
     the magnetizations of the soft magnetic layers to each other in opposite
     directions, the antiferromagnetic layer comprises an ordered-form
     antiferromagnetic material including Mn, and a second underlayer 1.sub.--
     2 as a direct substrate of the antiferromagnetic layer comprises a metal
     selected from the group consisting of Ru, Os, Re, Tc, Cd, Ti, Zn, Al, Au,
     Ir, Pd, Pt, Rh, Ag, Nb, Mo, W, V, and .alpha.-Ta or an alloy including an
     element of the selected metal."
"A magnetoresistance effect element has two ferromagnetic films separated by
     an interlayer film coupling the magnetization of one ferromagnetic layer
     in a direction perpendicular to the magnetization direction of the other
     ferromagnetic film, with an antiferromagnetic layer disposed adjacent to
     one of the ferromagnetic layers, and a free magnetic layer disposed
     adjacent to an antiferromagnetic film. The heat treatment for producing in
     the free layer a simple magnetic domain and the heat treatment for fixing
     the magnetizations of the ferromagnetic layers are simultaneously carried
     out. Thereby, because maintaining a difference between the blocking
     temperature of the antiferromagnetic layer adjacent to the free layer and
     the blocking temperature of an antiferromagnetic layer adjacent to the pin
     layer becomes unnecessary, an antiferromagnetic layer having a high
     exchange coupling magnetic field and a high blocking temperature can be
     selected. Also, because the allowable range to the dispersion of the
     exchange coupling magnetic field is widen, thinning of the film of the
     antiferromagnetic layer can be realized and the magnetoresistance effect
     element can be suitably applied to a magnetic reproducing head requiring a
     narrow gap."
"A read/write head includes a bottom shield and a shared shield. The shared
     shield includes a first domain and a plurality of closure domains. The
     read/write head also includes a magnetoresistive sensor deposited adjacent
     an air bearing surface between the bottom shield and the shared shield.
     The magnetoresistive sensor includes a magnetoresistor aligned with the
     first domain. Non-magnetic material separates the magnetoresistive sensor
     from the bottom shield and the shared shield. The shared shield includes a
     shaped feature that defines an unambiguous direction of magnetization for
     the first domain."
"An adjustable impedance boosting circuit for a magneto-resistive head in a
     gain stage beyond the input gain stage. The boosting circuit compensates
     for a frequency pole of the head leads by introducing a zero in proportion
     to the resistance of the magneto-resistive element and with selectable
     circuit parameters to further adjust the pole compensation. The invention
     includes selectively adjusting the sensitivity of the pole compensation to
     changes in the resistance of the head, selectively adjusting the peak
     compensation, and adjusting the frequency of the compensating zero."
"A test system and method determining performance of a merged
     magnetoresistive read-write head based upon operating the write inductive
     head of the merged read-write head, measuring the resistance of the read
     head under certain read current bias conditions and finding which read
     heads have been damaged by ESD."
"A low current detector using magnetoresistive sensor is used in a ground
     fault detector that opens a current carrying circuit when an unbalanced or
     dangerous condition occurs in the circuit. The current circuit has
     windings wrapped around a toroidal member of magnetic material having a
     cross sectional gap. First magnetic flux lines induced in the toroidal
     member by the circuit project from the gap toward a permanent magnet
     having second emergent magnetic flux lines that bend the first flux lines
     in a flux line mesh zone when an unbalanced current exists in the current
     carrying circuit. The flux lines are non-existent in the gap of the
     toroidal member when the circuit is in a balanced or non-fault state. A
     magnetoresistive sensor is disposed in the mesh zone in a position
     producing a signal indicative of an unbalanced condition caused by a
     current fault. A circuit breaker, connected to flux sensor responds to the
     signal indicating an unbalanced condition by opening the circuit."
"The present invention provides a magnetoresistive element that can suppress
     the characteristic degradation even after high-temperature heat treatment,
     specifically at 400.degree. C. to 450.degree. C. This element is
     manufactured by a method that includes the following processes in the
     indicated order: a film formation process for forming at least a first
     ferromagnetic layer, a second ferromagnetic layer, and a non-magnetic
     layer on a substrate; a preheat process at 330.degree. C. to 380.degree.
     C. for not less than 60 minutes; and a heat treatment process at
     400.degree. C. to 450.degree. C. This element has a resistance value that
     changes with a change in relative angle formed by the magnetization
     directions of the first ferromagnetic layer and the second ferromagnetic
     layer."
"There is provided a magnetic memory including first and second wirings
     intersecting each other and disposed apart from each other, a
     magnetoresistance effect film positioned between the first and second
     wirings, and a first magnetic film including a first portion facing the
     magnetoresistance effect film with the first wiring interposed
     therebetween and a pair of second portions positioned on both sides of the
     first wiring and magnetically connected to the first portion, each of the
     first and second portions having either one of a high saturation
     magnetization soft magnetic material containing cobalt and a
     metal-nonmetal nano-granular film."
"A magnetic element having an improved MR rate. The magnetic element 1 is
     made up of plural layered films of different compositions and exhibits a
     magneto-resistance effect that the magneto-resistance value is changed on
     application of a magnetic field. The magnetic element 1 includes a recess
     11 for transmitting the current along the layering direction of the
     layered films. The current flows through the portion of the magnetic
     element 1 not having the recess 11 so as to have a component along the
     film layering direction A, with the result that electrons taking part in
     current conduction may be propagated as the electrons traverse the
     boundary surfaces of the plural layered films."
"A magnetic sensor comprises a thin-film-like magnetic tunnel effect element
     (magnetoresistive effect element) 11. A coil 21 is disposed in a plane
     under the magnetic tunnel effect element 11 and parallel to a thin-planar
     film surface of the element. The coil 21 is a double spiral type coil
     which includes a first spiral conductor portion 21-1 and a second spiral
     conductor portion 21-2. The magnetic tunnel effect element 11 is disposed
     between a spiral center P1 of the first conductor portion 21-1 and a
     spiral center P2 of the second conductor portion 21-2 in a plan view. The
     first and second conductor portions 21-1 and 21-2 are connected such that
     electric currents in the same direction pass through a part of the first
     conductor portion 21-1 that overlaps the magnetic tunnel effect element 11
     in a plan view and through a part of the second conductor portion 21-2
     that overlaps the magnetic tunnel effect element 11 in a plan view."
"A method and computer program to calculate a reproduction track width of a
     MR head. This method begins by subdividing the magnetic domain control
     layer of a MR element and lead conductors into several polyhedral
     elements. Thereafter, electric potentials are calculated for each of the
     polyhedral elements based on the resistance at each layer. A current
     density is determined for each of the polyhedral elements based on the
     calculated electric potentials. The current densities are integrated to
     calculate an initial resistance value. Further, the resistance of a local
     block is changed by a predetermined amount. The electric potential is
     calculated for each of the polyhedral elements, current density is
     acquired, and the acquired current densities is calculated to determine a
     resistance value. Finally, the reproduction track width is obtained based
     on the initial acquired resistance value and the acquired resistance
     value."
"By combining outputs from a Hall sensor and a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor,
     a 360-degree rotary position sensor can be achieved. The Hall sensor and
     the MR sensor both detect a magnetic field produced by a magnet. The Hall
     sensor detects the polarity of the magnetic field, while the MR sensor
     detects the angular position of the magnetic field, up to 180-degrees.
     With a positive output from the Hall sensor, the first 180-degrees of the
     angular position is detected. With a negative output from the Hall sensor,
     the second 180-degrees of the angular position is detected."
"A symmetric van der Pauw disk of homogeneous nonmagnetic semiconductor
     material, such as indium antimonide, with an embedded concentric
     conducting material inhomogeneity, such as gold, exhits room temperature
     geometric extraordinary magnetoresistance (EMR) as high as 100%, 9,100%
     and 750,000% at magnetic fields of 0.05, 0.25 and 4.0 Tesla, respectively.
     Moreover, for inhomogeneities of sufficiently large cross section relative
     to that of the surrounding semiconductor material, the resistance of the
     disk is field-independent up to an onset field above which the resistance
     increases rapidly. These results can be understood in terms of the
     field-dependent deflection of current around the inhomogeneity. The EMR
     exhibited by a composite van der Pauw sensor comprising a semiconductor
     having an embedded metallic inhomogeneity or internal shunt can be
     obtained from electrically equivalent externally shunted structures, such
     as rectangular plates including an external conductive shunt element which
     is simple to manufacture in the mesoscopic sizes required for important
     magnetic sensor applications. For example, a bilinear conformal mapping is
     used to transform a circular composite van der Pauw disk sensor having an
     embedded conducting inhomogeneity into a corresponding externally shunted
     rectangular plate structure. The result is an EMR sensor that can be
     realized in very simple structures which facilitate fabrication in
     mesoscopic dimensions important for many magnetic sensor applications."
"A lead structure for use with a magneto-resistive sensing element in a
     magnetic disk system is described. The lead structure comprises a layer of
     ruthenium or rhodium sandwiched between layers of a nickel-chromium alloy.
     The lower nickel-chromium layer acts as a seed layer to ensure that the
     ruthenium and rhodium layers have crystal structures that correspond to
     low resistivity phases. The interfaces between these three layers
     introduce a minimum of interfacial scattering of the conduction electrons
     thereby keeping dimensional increases in resistivity to a minimum."
"A method of making a magnetoresistance sensor which detects stored
     information from a medium and which provides an output voltage to a
     auxiliary circuitry is disclosed. The method comprises sputtering a bias
     layer in a sputtering gas mixture of nitrogen and argon. A spacer layer is
     also formed in a sputtering gas mixture of nitrogen and argon. Finally, an
     MR magnetic layer is formed. The spacer layer is positioned between the
     bias layer and the magnetic layer. The output voltage is provided to
     auxiliary circuitry when a current flows through the MR magnetic layer."
"A programmable seat belt damper assembly for a seat belt in a motor
     vehicle. The programmable seat belt damper assembly includes a retractor
     operatively connected to the seat belt for winding and unwinding the seat
     belt. The programmable seat belt damper assembly also includes a rotary
     damper operatively connected to the retractor and having a
     magneto-rheological (MR) fluid therein. The programmable seat belt damper
     assembly further includes a controller electrically connected to the
     rotary damper to control an apparent viscosity of the MR fluid to increase
     and decrease a damping torque of the rotary damper for the unwinding of
     the seat belt."
"The present invention relates to a method and apparatus for reducing data
     errors in a magneto-resistive random access memory (MRAM). According to
     the disclosed method, data bits and associated error correction code (ECC)
     check bits are stored into a storage area. Thereafter, the data bits and
     ECC check bits are read out and any errors are detected and corrected. A
     data refresh is then initiated based on a count and data bits and
     associated ECC check bits stored in the storage area are then refreshed by
     accessing the stored data bits and the associated ECC check bits, and
     ultimately by checking, correcting and restoring the data bits and the ECC
     check bits to the storage area."
"A multichannel magnetic head utilizing the magnetoresistive effect
     comprises a plurality of magnetoresistive effect type reproducing magnetic
     head elements arrayed between a first and second magnetic shield and
     electrodes wherein the reproducing magnetic head elements are arrayed in
     parallel on at least the first magnetic shield and electrode. Electrodes
     on one side are constructed commonly by the first magnetic shield and led
     out as a single common terminal decreasing the number of terminals.
     Therefore, the number of the terminals in the multichannel magnetic head
     using the magnetoresistive effect can be decreased, the multichannel
     magnetic head can be miniaturized, the occurrence of a short-circuit
     between the terminals or between the leads can be removed, the occurrence
     of fluctuations of element characteristics can be removed, the
     multichannel magnetic head using the magnetoresistive effect can become
     highly reliable and a yield of the multichannel magnetic head using the
     magnetoresistive effect can be improved."
"A magneto-resistive effect head includes a magnetic domain control
     construction using both of an antiferromagnetic film and a magnetic domain
     control layer made of a magnet layer. The head is constructed by: an
     antiferromagnetic layer; a pinned layer which is formed on the
     antiferromagnetic layer and whose magnetizing direction has been fixed; a
     spacer formed on the pinned layer; a free layer formed on the spacer;
     magnetic domain control layers having antiferromagnetic films and magnet
     layers for performing a magnetic domain control of the free layer; and a
     pair of lead layers for supplying a current to a stack of the
     antiferromagnetic layer, pinned layer, spacer, and free layer. Thus, even
     for realization of a narrow track, a magneto-resistive effect head having
     large sensitivity and small side reading can be realized."
"A spin valve sensor for use with a data storage system includes free and
     pinned ferromagnetic (FM) layers, a conducting layer therebetween, contact
     leads, free layer biasing elements, and an anti-ferromagnetic (AFM) layer.
     The pinned layer has opposing ends, which define a width of an active
     region of the spin valve sensor having a giant magnetoresistive effect in
     response to applied magnetic fields. The free layer is positioned below
     the pinned layer and has opposing ends that extend beyond the active
     region. The contact leads abut the pinned layer and overlay portions of
     the conducting layer. The free layer biasing elements abut the ends of the
     free layer and bias a magnetization of the free layer in a longitudinal
     direction."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) head including, for example, a spin valve (SV) MR
     element having a sense current passing through the SV in a
     current-perpendicular-to-the-plane (CPP) mode. A free layer of the SV is
     transversely biased by a magnetostatic coupling field from an in-stack
     transverse bias layer. The transverse bias layer is separated from the
     free layer by a nonmagnetic high resistive spacer layer, which can cause
     strong spin memory loss and also provide a longitudinal biasing to the
     free layer of the SV. An out of stack longitudinal bias arrangement may
     alternatively be provided to impart a longitudinal bias to the free layer.
     The SV MR element comprises a MR promoting (MRP) layer either within in or
     adjacent to the free layer 90 or the pinned layer 110 This MR head
     structure provides enhanced linearity of the response to the magnetic
     field being sensed."
"A head substrate and a projection substrate of a head drum comprise a
     conductive material having a resistance of 1.times.10.sup.10.OMEGA. or
     less and are connected to a metal base so as to be at the ground potential
     via the metal base and a rotating drum. These antistatic treatments allow
     static electricity charged on a magnetic tape to be discharged to the head
     substrate and the protection substrate without flowing to a
     magneto-resistive (MR) element, thereby preventing the electrostatic
     discharge breakdown of the MR element."
"A method and system for providing a suspension assembly for protecting a
     magnetoresistive (MR) head from electrostatic discharge damage is
     disclosed. The MR head includes an MR sensor having a first end and a
     second end. The method and system include providing a first lead and a
     second lead and providing an insulating film substantially supporting a
     first portion of the first lead and a second portion of the second lead.
     The MR head is coupled with the suspension assembly. The first and second
     ends of the MR sensor are coupled with the first and second leads,
     respectively. The method and system include providing a conductive strip
     coupled with the insulating film. In one aspect, the method and system
     include providing at least one diode electrically coupling the first lead
     and the second lead. In another aspect, the method and system also include
     electrically coupling first lead with the conductive strip. In another
     aspect, the method and system also include electrically coupling first
     lead with the conductive strip and electrically coupling the first and
     second lead. In another aspect, the method and system include electrically
     coupling first and second leads with the conductive strip. Preferably,
     electric coupling is provided using at least one diode."
"A magnetic recording medium for reproduction of MR head comprising a
     support having thereon a substantially non-magnetic low layer and a
     magnetic layer comprising ferromagnetic hexagonal system ferrite particles
     dispersed in a binder, in this order, wherein a power spectrum of density
     at a spatial frequency of 100/mm having frequency-analyzed a surface
     roughness of the magnetic layer is 10,000 nm.sup.3 or less, the power
     spectrum of density at a spatial frequency of 500/mm is 50 to 500 nm.sup.3
     and an average tabular diameter of the ferromagnetic hexagonal system
     ferrite particles is 15 to 35 nm."
"A tunneling magnetoresistive head according to the present invention
     includes a tunneling magnetoresistive stack having a free layer, a barrier
     layer, a pinned layer and a pinning layer. The tunneling magnetoresistive
     stack is configured to operate in a current perpendicular to plane (CPP)
     mode, wherein a sense current flows substantially perpendicular to a
     longitudinal plane of the barrier layer. The tunneling magnetoresistive
     head includes a first shield and a second shield coupled to opposing sides
     of the tunneling magnetoresistive stack. The first and the second shields
     act as electrodes to couple the sense current to the tunneling
     magnetoresistive stack. The first shield has a concave shape and
     substantially surrounds the free layer. The tunneling magnetoresistive
     head also includes a spacer layer and a layer of antiferromagnetic
     material. The spacer layer is formed on the free layer. The layer of
     antiferromagnetic material is formed on the second spacer layer."

"A magnetoresistive head reproduces information recorded on a recording
     medium with high recording density, suppressing generation of Barkhausen
     noise. A magnetoresistive effect element in the head is a flat multi-layer
     film in which a free magnetic layer is set to a lowest layer. The head
     also includes a non-magnetic substrate, an insulating layer contacting a
     center portion of a lower surface of a substrate side of the free magnetic
     layer, and a pair of electrode layers. The electrode layers are formed
     with the insulating layer in between, contacting both edge portions of the
     free magnetic layer. The electrodes are formed with the same surface
     height as the surface height of the insulating layer. A pair of magnetic
     wall control layers suppress movement of a magnetic wall of the free
     magnetic layer."
"A spin valve sensor is provided with a negative ferromagnetic coupling
     field -H.sub.FC for properly biasing a free layer and a spin filter layer
     is employed between the free layer and a capping layer for increasing the
     magnetoresistive coefficient dr/R of the spin valve sensor. A top portion
     of the free layer is oxidized for improving the negative ferromagnetic
     coupling field -H.sub.FC when the spin filter layer is employed for
     increasing the magnetoresistive coefficient dr/R."
"A plurality of magnetoresistive heads are arranged on a wafer substrate. A
     plurality of electrode pads are arranged on the wafer substrate in a first
     direction. Each electrode pad is connected to an associated
     magnetoresistive head. Respective adjacent electrode pads are shifted from
     each other in a second direction perpendicular to the first direction. The
     shifted amount of the adjacent pads in the second direction is larger than
     a dimension of the electrode pad in the second direction."
"A magnetoresistive sensor has a semiconductor substrate and an insulator
     over the substrate. A magnetoresistive film is embedded in the insulator
     responsive material, and a conductive strap is wound into a coil around
     the magnetoresistive film but not around the substrate."
"A lapping monitor for monitoring the lapping of a lapping surface of a body
     having at least one transducer which has a height that has to be lapped.
     The lapping monitor has a lap unit for lapping the lapping surface, at
     least one lapping indicator mounted close to the transducer to indicate
     the height of the transducer and a control block in the body at a certain
     distance from the lapping indicator or indicators. It is also possible to
     use a property of the transducers themselves, e.g., their resistance, to
     indicate their height. The control block receives indication of the height
     of the transducers being lapped from the lapping indicators or from the
     transducers via an electrical connection. The control block is further
     equipped with test contacts for establishing an external connection. The
     lapping monitor is particularly well-suited for performing 4-point
     resistance tests of the lapping indicators or transducers and can be
     effectively employed in lapping rows of magnetoresistive transducers such
     as MR or GMR heads to accurate heights."
"A magnetoresistive read (MR) sensor system and a method for fabricating the
     same are provided. First provided are a spacer layer, and a first
     ferromagnetic layer positioned above the spacer layer. Also included is an
     antiparallel layer positioned above the first ferromagnetic layer. A
     second ferromagnetic layer is positioned above the antiparallel layer.
     Such first and second ferromagnetic layers are antiferromagnetically
     coupled. Next provided is a pair of antiferromagnetic layers positioned
     above the second ferromagnetic layer for defining inner free portions and
     outer pinned portions of the first ferromagnetic layer and the second
     ferromagnetic layer. The inner free portion of the first ferromagnetic
     layer has a first thickness t.sub.A, the inner free portion of the second
     ferromagnetic layer has a second thickness t.sub.B, the outer pinned
     portion of the first ferromagnetic layer has a third thickness t.sub.C,
     and the outer pinned portion of the second ferromagnetic layer has a
     fourth thickness t.sub.D. The third thickness t.sub.C of the first
     ferromagnetic layer and the fourth thickness t.sub.D of the second
     ferromagnetic layer are substantially equal to the enhance the pinning of
     the outer pinned portions of the ferromagnetic layers."
"A magnetoresistive head includes a substrate, first and second magnetic
     shields, a magnetoresistive effect film formed within a gap layer between
     the first and second magnetic shields, a permanent magnet layer provided
     on both sides of the magnetoresistive effect film in order to apply a
     magnetic field to the film, and an electrode film provided on the
     permanent magnet layer so as to permit a signal detected current to flow,
     wherein a magnetic film is stacked on the permanent magnet layer with a
     nonmagnetic separation layer interposed between the permanent magnet layer
     and the magnetic film so that the magnetic film has formed therein a
     magnetic path, thus, it is possible to provide a GMR reproduce head of
     which the reproduction sensitivity can be maintained high even if the
     track width is narrow."
"A thin-film magnetic head includes a magnetoresistive element, a shielding
     layer, and an insulating layer disposed between the magnetoresistive
     element and the shielding layer. The shielding layer is composed of an
     amorphous material and the surface thereof facing the magnetoresistive
     element is covered by a crystallization-inhibiting film for inhibiting
     crystallization of the shielding layer. The crystallization-inhibiting
     film may have an antioxidizing function for the shielding layer."
"A thin film magnetic head includes a head element portion stacked on a side
     surface of a substrate having two opposed planes, two opposed side
     surfaces intersecting the planes, and a tape slide surface provided at one
     end portion of the planes and the side surfaces. At least one of a
     magnetic gap Gb of an induction type magnetic head and a magneto-resistive
     effect element Ga of a magneto-resistive effect type magnetic head are
     exposed on the tape slide surface, and a bonding pad 3 is connected to the
     head element portion, wherein an angle made by one of the side surfaces on
     which the head element portion and the bonding pad are provided and one of
     the planes constitutes an azimuth angle."
"A positioner for a valve that is actuated by means of a drive. The
     positioner includes a locator (9) and a control unit (13). The locator (9)
     detects the actual position of an actuator (7). The control unit (13)
     compares the actual position with a predefined desired position, and
     generates an actuating signal. A magnet (18) having a magnetoresistive
     sensor, preferably a GMR sensor, is provided as the locator. The locator
     (9) is less susceptible to dirt and less prone to wear and tear than a
     conventional slide potentiometer. The positioner is thus less fault-prone."
"A magnetoresistive random access memory is operated in a toggle fashion so
     that its logic state is flipped from its current state to the alternate
     state when written. This provides for a more consistent and reliable
     programming because the magnetic transitional energy states during the
     toggle operation are stable. In a write situation, however, this does mean
     that the state of the cell must be read and compared to the desired state
     of the cell before the cell is flipped. If the cell is already in the
     desired logic state, then it should not be written. This read time penalty
     before writing is reduced by beginning the write process while reading and
     then aborting the write step if the cell is already in the desired state.
     The write can actually begin on the cell and be aborted without adversely
     effecting the state of the cell."
"A half metallic phase iron oxide (Fe.sub.3 O.sub.4) layer is employed in
     either or both of a pinned layer structure and a free layer structure in a
     spin valve sensor for filtering minority electrons and reflecting majority
     electrons with respect to a spin scattering region for increasing the
     magnetoresistive coefficient dr/R of a spin valve sensor."
"A magnetoresistive sensor which, despite a narrow reproducing shield gap,
     affords high resolution and high reproducing output because of its
     structure and is able to minimize the amount of sense current leaking into
     the shield layer through the gap layer. A magnetic storage apparatus
     suitable for high-density recording is provided with a magnetic head
     having said magnetoresistive sensor. The structure is characterized in
     that at least either of the lower shield layer or upper shield layer is
     partly or entirely a magnetic layer which is a composite film composed of
     ferromagnetic metal and oxide, and an insulation protective film is
     arranged between the electrode film or longitudinal bias film and the
     magnetic film which is a composite film composed of ferromagnetic metal
     and oxide."
"A sensor for detecting defects in a component includes an electric coil fed
     with a varying electrical current to create a varying magnetic field
     penetrating at least partly into the component under test, and a defect
     detector including a magnetoresistor. The above components are
     accommodated in a protective housing having a detection face disposed near
     and parallel to a surface of the component under test. The coil has its
     axis .DELTA. perpendicular to the detection face and the magnetoresistor
     is in the vicinity of the detection face. The magnetoresistor is a giant
     magnetoresistor and is disposed so that its sensitivity axis .DELTA.1
     sensitive to variations in a magnetic field is parallel to the detection
     face of the housing. The sensor further includes a first permanent magnet
     disposed so that it magnetically biases the magnetoresistor in the
     direction of its sensitive axis .DELTA.1 to a value such that the
     operating point is a point on a curve, representing the output signal of
     the magnetoresistor as a function of the value of the component of the
     magnetic field in the direction of the sensitive axis, which is situated
     in the vicinity of the middle of a substantially rectilinear portion of
     the curve."
"A magneto resistive sensor having a GMR magnetic laminated film is
     disclosed. The GMR magnetic laminated film comprises a plurality of
     magnetic thin layers having a NiCoFeB composition alternately laminated
     with a nonmagnetic thin layer, such as copper layer. Since the magnetic
     thin layer contains B in its composition, the GMR magnetic laminated film
     can stand in magneto resistance ratio (.DELTA.R/R %) under a high
     temperature of up to 250 degrees centigrade. By the reason, electric
     wiring can be connected by a lead-free solder to assemble a magnetic
     resistive sensor for a magnetic rotary encoder. The thermal resistance
     variation and the magneto resistance ratio are further improved when a
     NiFeCr underlayer is used under the GMR magnetic laminated film."
"The invention is an MRI imaging system that seamlessly switches between a
     fast imaging fluoro-mode and a diagnostic imaging mode. The fluoro-mode is
     used to quickly obtain an image which provides confirmation that the
     selection of MR imaging parameters are proper and to provide an
     opportunity to adjust these selections. After the selections have been
     confirmed and adjusted, the system is switched to a normal diagnostic
     image mode using the parameter selects as modified during fluoro-mode
     imaging."
"A magnetoresistance effect device comprises a magnetic multi-layer film
     having at least an antiferromagnetic film, a first ferromagnetic film, a
     non-magnetic film, and a second ferromagnetic film formed in the order on
     the front surface portion of the substrate, the magnetic multi-layer film
     having giant magnetoresistance effect, at least the second ferromagnetic
     film having a shape corresponding to a magnetic field detecting portion.
     The bias magnetic field applying films are disposed on a conductive film
     of the magnetic multi-layer film at outer portions of both edge portions
     of the magnetic field detecting portion of the magnetoresistance effective
     film. Alternatively, the second ferromagnetic film has a first portion
     corresponding to the magnetic field detecting portion and a second portion
     corresponding to the outer portions of both the edge portions of the
     magnetic field detecting portion, the film thickness of the second portion
     being smaller than the film thickness of the first portion. The bias
     magnetic field applying films are formed at the outer portions of both the
     edge portions of the magnetic field detecting portion of the second
     ferromagnetic film. With the reversely structured magnetoresistance effect
     film and the laminate positions of the bias magnetic field applying films,
     in addition to suppressing the reproduction fringe and Barkhausen noise,
     the decrease of contact resistance, the suppression of insulation detect,
     and good linear response characteristic can be accomplished."
"There is provided a magnetoresistive film high in resistance to
     destruction. The magnetoresistive film is a multilayered film including:
     an antiferromagnetic layer 2 for generating a bias magnetic field; a
     pinned magnetic layer 3 having magnetization whose direction is fixed by
     the bias magnetic field; a free magnetic layer 5 having magnetization
     whose direction changes in accordance with an external magnetic field; and
     a nonmagnetic middle layer 4 held between the pinned magnetic layer and
     the free magnetic layer, and is held by a pair of insulation layers (not
     shown). When a current is passed parallel to the magnetoresistive film, a
     current center as a position of the thickness direction for dividing the
     current into two so as to obtain respective equal current amounts is
     positioned on a side including the pinned magnetic layer during dividing
     of the magnetoresistive film into two in a center position of a layer
     thickness of the nonmagnetic middle layer in the thickness direction."
"A method and apparatus for detecting and recovering from head instability
     in a magneto-resistive (MR) transducer head of a disc-drive system. A
     head-instability-recovery circuit is described for use in disc drive to
     recover from a head-instability condition of an MR transducer head. This
     circuit includes a controller and a current source that supplies current
     to the MR head. The current source is controlled to supply a nominal
     amount of current to the MR head when operating in a normal mode, and to
     supply one or more current bursts having a current above the nominal
     supply current in order to recover from the head-instability condition.
     Also described is a method for recovering from a transducer-instability
     condition of an MR transducer of a disc drive, including detecting a
     situation that indicates a head-instability-recovery operation is desired,
     and performing the head-instability-recovery operation."
"To provide a spin-valve magnetic head comprising a layered film having
     preferable magnetic properties in which an interface control film to
     reduce magnetostriction to almost zero is inserted.
By suppressing or offsetting the influence of an interface layer which
     increases the magnetostriction of a soft magnetic free layer in a
     spin-valve magnetoresistive layered film and making the magnetic
     properties of the very thin soft magnetic free layer preferable, a stable
     magnetic head of high sensitivity which is not influenced by stress is
     obtained by the improvement in the magnetic properties of the very thin
     soft magnetic free layer."
"A position sensor includes a shaft to be detected, a first magnet being
     fixed to the shaft and having a first polarity vector parallel to an axis
     of the shaft, a second magnet being disposed opposite to the first magnet
     and having a second polarity vector crossing the first polarity vector
     substantially orthogonally three-dimensionally, and first and second
     semiconductor magnetoresistive elements being disposed over the second
     magnet and functioning as a magnetoelectric transducer having a
     magnetosensitive axis substantially orthogonal to the first and second
     polarity vectors. The first and second elements generate an output
     responsive to an axial movement of the shaft."
"A magnetoresistive device includes a metal layer, formed over a substrate,
     in which a groove is formed. A magnetoresistive element is formed in the
     groove, forming two magnetoresistive element portions that are separated
     by a conductive element. A sense current applied to the metal layer flows
     through the two magnetoresistive element portions with a predominant
     current-perpendicular-to-plane component. The method includes techniques
     that are less complex and less expensive than submicron photolithography
     to form the above described magnetoresistive device with submicron
     geometries."
"The magnetoresistance effect element is of a multilayered structure having
     at least magnetic layers and an intermediate layer of an insulating
     material, a semiconductor or an antiferromagnetic material against the
     magnetic layers, and the magnetoresistance effect element has terminals
     formed at least on the opposite magnetic layers, respectively, so that a
     all the magnetic layers constituting the magnetoresistance effect element
     are opposed substantially at right angles to the recording surface of a
     magnetic recording medium. Therefore, the area of the magnetic layers
     facing the recording surface of the magnetic recording medium can be
     extremely reduced, and thus the magnetic field from a very narrow region
     of the high-density recorded magnetic recording medium can be detected by
     the current which has a tunneling characteristic and passes through the
     intermediate layer."
"A method for offset compensation of a magnetoresistive position or angular
     position measuring system includes at least one Wheatstone bridge with
     four locally offset magnetoresistive resistors to which a DC voltage is
     applied and past which a permanent magnet is moved, wherein the respective
     bridge voltage is measured, by which method a subsequent offset
     compensation of magnetoresistive position or angular position measuring
     systems is also possible on site. Provision is made for a calibration
     cycle to be run through upon start-up of the measuring system, by moving
     the permanent magnet past the bridge(s) for a measuring cycle, evaluating
     the extreme values of the bridge voltages measured during this procedure
     by deriving the mean values thereof, and deriving from these mean values
     corresponding compensation values in the form of offset values to be taken
     into consideration by the measuring system, the compensation values being
     stored in a register."
"A CPP magnetoresistive sensor with a spacer layer made of a heterogeneous
     material, which is composed of conductive grains within a highly resistive
     matrix, has a high resistance. The conductive grains are typically made of
     a conductive element or alloy that can operate as a GMR spacer material.
     The highly resistive matrix is typically made of a highly resistive or
     insulating element, alloy or compound that will hinder the flow of
     electrons. The sensing electrical current is passed through the conductive
     grains, which are typically made of the same material as GMR spacers, so
     the GMR is maintained even though the overall resistance is increased."
"A tray for carrying magnetoresistive heads of magnetic disks which is
     obtained by molding a resin composition comprising 100 parts by weight of
     a thermoplastic resin material and, incorporated therein, from 0.1 to 8
     parts by weight of carbon fibrils having a fiber diameter of 100 nm or
     smaller and a fiber length/fiber diameter ratio of 5 or larger. The tray
     has a stable surface resistivity in the range of from 10.sup.4 to
     10.sup.12 .OMEGA./.quadrature., has an even surface state, and hardly
     generates particles upon scratching, wearing, or cleaning."
"An in-situ (result-directed/predictive) MR stripe height calibration method
     capable of operating on the fly during lapping operation. The method
     involves utilization of an interval sampling technique, which provides a
     high number of data points. The data provided are filtered and averaged at
     each kerf location to provide a much higher calibration accuracy than
     previously available. The primary advantage is to create an accurate
     relationship between MR element resistance and its stripe height while the
     MR element is being lapped. The method thus provides the ability to target
     either resistance or stripe height or a combination of both during the
     lapping process. Finally, the system is completely self-contained and does
     not required wafer data."
"Medical diagnosis apparatuses (and a respective method for using such
     apparatuses) are provided, particularly large apparatuses operated in a
     centralized manner, (e.g., MR scanners, CT tomographs or the like),
     characterized by a patient acquisition device assigned to it for acquiring
     individual distinctive identification features of the patient, which are
     automatically stored with the apparatus data obtained."
"A method and structure for providing a tunneling magnetoresistive (TMR)
     element is disclosed. The method and structure include providing a TMR
     layer that includes a first magnetic layer, a second magnetic layer and a
     first insulating layer disposed between the first magnetic layer and the
     second magnetic layer. The method and structure also include providing a
     first material and a protective layer. The first material allows
     electrical contact to be made to the tunneling magnetoresistive layer and
     is disposed above the tunneling magnetoresistive layer. The first material
     is capable of being undercut by an plasma etch without exposing a portion
     of the tunneling magnetoresistive layer under a remaining portion of the
     first material. The second protective layer covers a portion of the
     tunneling magnetoresistive sensor and a portion of the first material. In
     one aspect, the method and structure also include providing a second
     material disposed between the tunneling magnetoresistive layer and the
     first material. The second material allows electrical contact to be made
     to the tunneling magnetoresistive layer and is resistant to removal by the
     plasma etch."
"A thin film magnetic head that is ready for positioning of the elevation of
     the MR layer and most suitable for high density recording to be used for
     the helical scan type magnetic recording and reproducing apparatus,
     comprising a lower shield layer formed on a substrate, a lower gap layer
     formed on the upper shield layer, a magnetoresistive layer formed on the
     lower shield layer via the lower gap layer, an upper gap layer formed on
     the magnetoresistive layer, and an upper shield layer formed on the
     magnetoresistive layer via the upper gap layer, besides providing a convex
     portion on the principal face of the upper shield layer."
"An electronic sensor assembly that can be used in speed-sensing
     applications such as anti-lock brake systems. The sensor assembly includes
     a sensor element, a housing surrounding the sensor element, a sensor
     terminal connected to the sensor element and extending outside of the
     housing for electrically coupling the sensor element to a conductor, a
     connector terminal for mechanically and electrically coupling the sensor
     terminal to the conductor, and a splice band mechanically and electrically
     coupling the sensor terminal to the connector terminal without welding,
     soldering, or using a crimp bucket. In one aspect of the invention, the
     sensor assembly further includes a capacitor electrically and mechanically
     coupled to the sensor terminal and the connector terminal via the splice
     band. The sensor element is preferably an active sensor such as a
     magneto-resistive sensor or a Hall-Effect sensor."
"A current-perpendicular-to-the-plane (CPP) magnetoresistive sensor or read
     head has a magnetic shield geometry that covers the side walls of the
     sensor structure to prevent side reading caused by magnetic flux entering
     from adjacent data tracks. The shield geometry includes a bottom shield
     with a substantially planar surface and a specially shaped top shield. The
     top shield has substantially vertical portions generally parallel to the
     side walls of the sensor structure, a horizontal top portion over the
     trackwidth region of the sensor, and horizontal side portions formed over
     the portions of the bottom shield on either side of the sensor structure.
     The insulating gap material that separates the bottom and top shields is
     in contact with the horizontal portions of the bottom shield and the side
     walls of the sensor structure."
"The invention provides a magnetoresistive element in which the pinned
     magnetic layer includes at least one non-magnetic film and magnetic films
     sandwiching that non-magnetic film, and the magnetic films are coupled
     with one another by magnetostatic coupling via the non-magnetic film. This
     element has an improved thermal resistance. Furthermore, the invention
     provides a magnetoresistive element in which the pinned magnetic layer is
     as described above. The magnetic films can be coupled with one another by
     magnetostatic coupling or antiferromagnetic coupling generating negative
     magnetic coupling. In this element, the magnetic field shift is reduced.
     Furthermore, the invention provides a magnetoresistive element in which at
     least one of the magnetic layers sandwiching the intermediate layer
     includes an oxide ferrite having a plane orientation with a (100), (110)
     or (111) plane. A magnetic field is introduced in a direction of the axis
     of easy magnetization in the plane. This oxide can be formed by sputtering
     with an oxide target while applying a bias voltage to a substrate
     including a plane on which the oxide ferrite is to be formed so as to
     adjust the amount of oxygen supplied to the oxide ferrite from the target."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor for use in a magnetic storage system
     including a magnetic storage media having multiple concentric microtracks
     with information stored thereon. The MR sensor includes a plurality of
     generally parallel layers that form an MR stack. The MR sensor also
     includes a top shield and a bottom shield that are spaced apart on
     opposite sides of the MR stack in a longitudinal direction. The Mr sensor
     further includes a first and a second side shield spaced apart on opposite
     sides of the MR stack in a transverse direction. The top shield, bottom
     shield, first side shield and second side shield substantially surround
     the MR stack."
"A magnetoresistive read (MR) sensor system and a method for fabricating the
     same are provided. First provided are a first ferromagnetic layer, a first
     spacer layer positioned above the first ferromagnetic layer, and a second
     ferromagnetic layer positioned above the first spacer layer for working in
     conjunction with the first ferromagnetic layer to define a first sensor.
     An antiparallel coupling layer is positioned above the second
     ferromagnetic layer to separate the first sensor from a second sensor. The
     second sensor is defined by a third ferromagnetic layer positioned above
     the antiparallel coupling layer, a second spacer layer positioned above
     the third ferromagnetic layer, and a fourth ferromagnetic layer positioned
     above the second spacer layer."
"A current perpendicular-to-the-plane magnetoresistance (CPP-MR) device
     includes a first magnetic shield, a second magnetic shield, and a spin
     valve structure. The first and second magnetic shields are formed of an
     electrically conductive and magnetically shielding material. A read gap is
     defined between the first and second magnetic shields, and the spin valve
     structure is disposed between the first and second magnetic shields. The
     spin valve structure is electrically connected and magnetically separated
     from the first and second magnetic shields such that the first and second
     magnetic shields act as electrical contact leads."
"A gradient coil assembly for use with an MR imaging system comprising: a
     main gradient coil disposed about an imaging axis to produce a gradient
     field; a corrector coil disposed about an imaging axis and positioned with
     a return portion substantially overlapping a return portion of main
     gradient coil. The main gradient coil and said corrector coil cooperate to
     provide a first field of view, the main gradient coil operates to provide
     a second field of view. A method of reducing power deposition in a
     gradient coil assembly comprising: determining a first current density
     corresponding to a first field-of-view for an effective gradient coil;
     computing a second current density corresponding to a second field of
     view, by reducing current from the first current density without changing
     a sign of said the associated therewith; determining a geometry for a main
     gradient coil; and ascertaining a geometry for a corrector coil."
"A lapping method of a magnetic head slider provided with an element-forming
     surface, an ABS and an MR element formed on the element-forming surface,
     including a step of setting the magnetic head slider to be lapped on a
     lapping means, and a step of lapping by the lapping means the ABS of the
     magnetic head slider with while keeping an angle between the
     element-forming surface of the magnetic head slider and a lapping
     direction in a range greater than 0 degrees and equal to or less than 30
     degrees."
"A method for making a thin-film magnetic head having a magnetoresistive
     effect element wherein an insulating layer is formed under an electrode
     layer of a magnetoresistive effect element with a lower gap layer
     interposed therebetween. As a result, the distance between the electrode
     layer and the lower shielding layer becomes longer, thus permitting
     maintenance of a satisfactory electrical insulation."
"The present invention involves a system and method of simulating a steering
     resistance torque on a vehicle steering wheel of a steer-by-wire system.
     The steer-by-wire system uses a magnetorheological device and a motor to
     apply torque on the steering wheel for simulating the steering resistance
     torque. The method includes sensing an actual angular velocity of the
     steering wheel, comparing the actual angular velocity with a threshold
     angular velocity, and calculating a magnetorheological torque signal based
     on the comparison. The method further includes determining an error signal
     based on the MR signal and a torque reference signal, and calculating a
     motor torque signal indicative of motor torque to be applied to the
     steering wheel. The method further includes applying torque generated by
     the MR device and the motor on the steering wheel."
"The part of an MR element 25 which lies close to a medium-facing surface
     10a overlaps that part of a flux-guiding element 24 which lies remote from
     the medium-facing surface 10a, with a second gap film 23b interposed
     between the elements 24 and 25. Further, the MR element 25 overlaps the
     flux-guiding element 24 for a distance that falls within a range of 15 to
     25% of the length of the MR height of the element 25 as measured in a
     direction perpendicular to the medium-facing surface 10a."
"In interventional MRI, for example, in neurosurgical applications, the head
     of a patient must be positioned on a head support while allowing
     reproducible manipulation of the head. The head support must be made of a
     material that is compatible with MR. Furthermore, spatial restrictions
     imposed by the bore of the magnetic resonance apparatus have to be dealt
     with. The head support in accordance with the invention includes a support
     whereon the patient head or a stereotactic frame can be rested. The head
     support is suppored by a mounting device. Both the support and mounting
     device are fixed on the table top. The mounting device provides a sliding
     surface that enables rotation of the support relative to the mounting
     device. The support can be curved towards the table top thus providing a
     concave surface so as to lower the supporting surface for a stereotactic
     frame and hence to minimize the total volume of the construction. When a
     radius of between 10 cm and 18 cm is chosen for the sliding surface, the
     patient will not suffer from stress to the cervical vertebrae during
     rotation of the supporting means. The reproducibility of the patient
     positioning with respect to the head support is thus improved, since it is
     not necessary to reposition the patient after each rotation so as to
     reduce the induced stress."
"Steering angle detecting apparatus of a steering is constituted to dispense
     with reexecution of initial setting by a simple angle sensor. CPU is
     connected with an MR sensor attached to a rotating member rotated in
     cooperation with a steering shaft for detecting a periodic angular
     position and CPU subjects data from the MR sensor to an operation
     processing by using a reference position stored to an involatile data
     storing portion to thereby calculate an absolute steering angle including
     a number of an order of turns. When an ignition is made OFF, there is
     constituted a low current consumption mode for carrying out calculation by
     intermittent operation and power source to the MR sensor is made OFF by a
     sensor switch. The reference position is stored to the involatile data
     storing portion and therefore, even after detaching and attaching a
     battery, initial setting is dispensed with."
"The combination of contrast enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and
     MR-guided subcutaneous core biopsy can be used as a robust approach for
     the diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer. MRI provides the means to
     accurately position and monitor interventional procedures such as biopsy,
     removal of tissue or other transcanular procedures. MRI may also be used
     in this invention to position and monitor the progress of breast
     conserving therapies (BCT), such as laser photo-ablation, cryoablation and
     localized hyperthermia. The general practice of this invention is to
     provide a remotely controlled apparatus for MR-guided interventional
     procedures in the breast. The apparatus allows the practice of a method
     that provides flexibility in conditioning the breast, i.e. orientation and
     degree of compression, and in setting the trajectory of the intervention.
     To that end, a robust conditioning/positioning device, fitted with the
     appropriate degrees of freedom, enhances the efficacy and efficiency of
     breast interventions by providing the flexibility in planning and
     executing an appropriate procedure strategy that better suits
     interventional procedures, either those in current use or yet to be
     developed. The novelty and potential commercial success of the device
     originates from its high maneuverability to set and perform the procedure
     strategy and its adaptability to accommodate an array of interventional
     probes. Remote control of this device can allow planning the operation and
     performing the relevant tasks in a short period, for example, within the
     contrast window provided by a single injection of a contrast agent, and
     this feature can be operator-independent."
"A dual active element magnetoresistive tape read head uses weak biasing of
     active layers to reduce Barkhausen noise. The read head includes a first
     insulator layer. A first active magnetoresistive layer is built on the
     first insulator layer. A second insulator layer is built on the first
     active magnetoresistive layer. A second active magnetoresistive layer is
     on the second insulator layer. The second active magnetoresistive layer is
     magnetostatically coupled to the first active magnetoresistive layer. A
     third insulator layer is on the second active magnetoresistive layer. At
     least one insulator layer is a biasing layer comprised of an electrically
     nonconductive antiferromagnetic material."
"A tunnel junction sensor according to the invention replaces the prior art
     free layer with a free layer structure which allows a wider range of
     magnetoresistive materials to be used. The preferred free layer structure
     of the invention includes a negative magnetostriction layer which allows
     use of magnetoresistive materials which otherwise have unacceptably high
     magnetostriction values. The materials and thicknesses of the layers are
     selected to result in a total magnetostriction near zero even though
     magnetoresistive material with high magnetostriction is included. The
     preferred embodiment includes a softening layer of material such as
     selected compositions of nickel-iron which maintain the desired magnetic
     softness of the free layer structure and have a magnetostriction constant
     near zero."
"A spin valve sensor is provided with a biasing layer which produces a
     demagnetizing field which supports a demagnetizing field from a pinned
     layer structure in counterbalancing a sense current field on the free
     layer structure. The biasing layer has a high resistance so that a sense
     current is not excessively shunted therethrough and is a specular
     reflector so as to reflect conduction electrons to increase a
     magnetoresistive coefficient dr/R of the sensor. In the preferred
     embodiment the pinned layer structure is an antiparallel (AP) pinned layer
     structure."
"A magneto-resistance effect head (MR head) is provided, wherein a lower
     electrode-cum-magnetic shield layer is provided on a substrate, a magnetic
     gap adjusting layer is provided thereon, a magneto-resistance effect
     element (MR element) is provided on the magnetic gap adjusting layer, and
     an upper electrode-cum-magnetic shield layer is provided on the MR
     element. A pair of vertical bias layers is provided at both sides of the
     MR element. In the MR element, a lower layer, a free magnetic layer, a
     nonmagnetic layer, a fixed magnetic layer, and a fixing layer are provided
     in order from the magnetic gap adjusting layer side. By providing the
     magnetic gap adjusting layer between the lower electrode-cum-magnetic
     shield layer and the free magnetic layer, the free magnetic layer can be
     made to be sufficiently separate from the lower electrode-cum-magnetic
     shield layer. Thereby, since a sufficient leak magnetic field can be
     applied to the free magnetic layer, the head reproduction output is
     improved."
"A magnetic recording apparatus includes a laser light source (132), a
     recording magnetic head (131) and a magnetoresistive element. The
     recording magnetic head includes a pair of magnetic poles (100 and 101),
     between which the magnetoresistive element is interposed. A rotary
     actuator (Sa) positions the recording magnetic head at a desired track of
     a magnetic recording medium. A laser beam can be radiated onto the
     magnetic recording medium to raise the temperature of a region (302) of
     the medium. This region has a width of the order of the track width. The
     raised temperature lowers the coercive force of this region, where a
     recording magnetic field can be applied for high density recording. The
     rotary actuator may form a yaw angle (.theta.) with a track of the
     magnetic recording medium. Even in this case, the recording magnetic head
     (131) and the reproducing element have no tracking offset from the code
     track. In addition, if the size of the magnetic poles (100 and 101) of the
     recording magnetic head are set within a predetermined range, the region
     (302) heated by the laser beam does not deviate from a recording magnetic
     field application region (303)."
"A position determining apparatus including a magnet that is attached to a
     movable member which moves along a defined path of finite length. An array
     of distributed bridge sensors are located adjacent to the predefined path.
     The distributed bridge sensors each have one or more magneto-resistive
     elements positioned at a first location along the defined path of the
     magnet, and one or more other magneto-resistive elements positioned at a
     second location along the defined path. The magneto-resistive elements at
     the first location experience a different magnetic field component than
     those at the second location. The distributed bridge sensors produce an
     increased linear range relative to non-distributed bridge sensors of the
     prior art."
"A technique for determining the recording medium temperature, thereby
     enabling high track density in Hybrid recording. This allows compensation
     for changes in the ambient temperature and variations in the laser power
     over its life. Such a temperature measuring technique also enables laser
     power shaping of the spot size/thermal contour in the medium, providing
     smaller spot size definition with a given optical system. Baseline
     modulation is a sensitive probe of the temperature gradient between a
     magneto-resistive read element (anisotropic or giant) and the surface of a
     disk. By calibrating the temperature rise (above ambient) of the read
     element, this technique can be used to determine the disk surface
     temperature."
"A first magnetic layer (3) is laminated on a magnetic yoke film (2) forming
     a closed magnetic circuit containing a magnetic gap so as to be
     magnetically coupled to the magnetic yoke film (2), and a magnetic
     separation layer (4), a second magnetic layer (5) and an antiferromagnetic
     layer (6) are laminated on the first magnetic layer (3). Further, a pair
     of electrodes (1, 7) are formed so that the laminate comprising the above
     layers is sandwiched between the electrodes. A permanent magnet film 8 is
     disposed to apply a bias magnetic field to the first magnetic layer (3).
     The magnetic separation layer (4) is formed of an insulator. Tunnel
     current is made to flow between the electrodes (1, 7) through the magnetic
     separation layer (4), and magnetic signals in the magnetic yoke film (2)
     are detected by using the antiferromagnetic tunnel magnetoresistance
     effect that the tunnel current is varied in accordance with variation of
     the difference in the magnetization direction between the first magnetic
     layer (3) and the second magnetic layer (5)."
"An object of the present invention is to provide a magnetoresistive effect
     type of head that is high in the magnetoresistive rate while including the
     laminated ferrimagnetic film. The fixed magnetic layer of the
     magnetoresistive effect type of head has a first fixed magnetic layer, a
     second fixed magnetic layer laminated at a position farther from the free
     magnetic layer as compared with the first fixed magnetic layer, and an
     opposite-parallel-coupling intermediate layer interposed between the first
     fixed magnetic layer and the second fixed magnetic layer, in which
     magnetizations of the first and second fixed magnetic layers are coupled
     with one another in such a manner that the magnetizations are pointed in
     directions which are substantially parallel and mutually opposite. The
     second fixed magnetic layer is formed with a material that is different
     from a material of said first fixed magnetic layer, and has a resistivity
     higher than that of said first fixed magnetic layer."
"In a magnetoresistive head, a first non-magnetic layer is formed on a first
     shield layer. A magnetoresistive element includes a magnetoresistive film
     and an electrode portion both formed on the first non-magnetic layer. A
     second non-magnetic layer is formed on the magnetoresistive element. A
     second shield layer is formed on the second non-magnetic layer. A
     non-magnetic metal layer electrically connects the first and the second
     shield layers. A first earth member is electrically connected to the
     electrode portion of the magnetoresistive element. A second earth member
     is electrically connected to the first and the second shield layers. A
     third earth member is electrically connected to the first earth member and
     the second earth member."
"The invention provides a magnetoresistive effect sensor that is a yoke type
     magnetoresistive effect sensor having a tunnel magnetoresistive effect
     film, which is operated stably with suppressed Barkhausen noise, and
     provides a reproducing head and a magnetic disk apparatus that use the
     magnetoresistive effect sensor. The magnetoresistive effect sensor is
     provided with a tunnel magnetoresistive effect film, a pair of electrodes
     for supplying a current in the film thickness direction of the
     magnetoresistive effect film, and a magnetic flux guide for guiding a
     magnetic flux from the recording medium surface to the magnetoresistive
     effect film, wherein the magnetic domain of a free layer of the tunnel
     type magnetoresistive effect film and the magnetic domain of the magnetic
     flux guide are both controllable together."
"A combination magnetic head includes a reading head portion and a writing
     head portion successively stacked on a substrate. A magnetic shield layer
     is formed on a portion of the substrate between a recessed portion formed
     in a surface of the substrate and an air bearing surface. A shield gap
     layer with a magnetoresistive reproducing element embedded therein is
     formed on the magnetic shield layer. A first magnetic layer has a pole
     portion formed on the shield gap layer and an extended portion extending
     along a bottom wall of the recessed portion. A thin film coil has a
     portion provided on the extended portion and fully embedded within the
     recessed portion such that the portion of the thin film coil is closer to
     the substrate than the reproducing element."
"It is an object of a thin-film magnetic head and a method of manufacturing
     the same of the invention to improve the insulating property between an
     electrode connected to a magnetoresistive element and a shield layer
     without increasing the thickness of an insulating layer between the
     magnetoresistive element and the shield layer. In the thin-film magnetic
     head, a bottom shield layer is formed into the shape of a frame having
     space in which conductive layers making up the electrode connected to an
     MR element are placed. The conductive layers are placed in the space
     (groove) of the bottom shield layer and insulated from the bottom shield
     layer while an insulating film is placed between the bottom shield layer
     and the conductive layers. The MR element is connected to the conductive
     layers through electrode layers."
"A magnetic recording system includes a magnetic recording medium including
     a magnetic layer, the magnetic layer being composed of magnetic grains,
     and a magnetic head including a recording unit and a reproducing unit. An
     orientation of an axis of easy magnetization of the magnetic grains is
     three-dimensionally distributed. An average angle between a direction of
     an axis of easy magnetization of each of the magnetic grains and a surface
     of the magnetic recording medium is within a range of 20.degree. to
     30.degree.. A squareness ratio Mr/Ms of a remanent magnetization Mr of the
     magnetic recording medium to a saturation magnetization Ms of the magnetic
     recording medium is equal to 0.5 or more and is equal to 0.6 or less. A
     recording density of information which is recorded onto the magnetic
     recording medium is equal to 360 kfci or more."
"Disclosed is a perpendicular magnetic recording medium having magnetic
     characteristics by which an anisotropic magnetic field Hk and a saturation
     magnetization Ms satisfy the requirement 2&lt;Hk/4.pi.Ms&lt;5, letting
     .alpha. be the inclination of an MH loop when a magnetic field is applied
     perpendicularly, the anisotropic magnetic field Hk, the saturation
     magnetization Ms, and a coercive force Hc satisfy the requirement
     0.01&lt;{(.alpha.-1)Hc+4.pi.Ms}/Hk&lt;0.2, and a longitudinal residual
     magnetization Mr is less than 0.2 times the saturation magnetization Ms."
"A manufacturing method of a thin-film magnetic head provided with an MR
     element includes a step of forming an MR multi-layered structure in which
     a current flows in a direction perpendicular to surfaces of layers of the
     MR multi-layered structure, on a lower electrode film, a step of
     depositing an insulation film on the formed MR multi-layered structure and
     the lower electrode film, a step of flattening the deposited insulation
     film until at least upper surface of the MR multi-layered structure is
     exposed, and a step of forming an upper electrode film on the flattened
     insulation film and the MR multi-layered structure."
"A magnetoresistive read head. The magnetoresistive read head includes a
     magnetoresistive element including a lower surface and an upper surface,
     wherein an electrical resistance of the magnetoresistive element varies in
     response to varying magnetic fields adjacent to the lower surface of the
     magnetoresistive element, and a magnetic element adjacent to the upper
     surface of the magnetoresistive element."
"This invention discloses a circuit including a magnetoresistive sensor and
     a tunnel junction device coupled to the MR sensor to dissipate the energy
     associated with an electrical signal exceeding operational voltages for
     the sensor. The tunnel junction can include a first conducting layer, a
     second conducting layer, and a barrier material positioned between the
     first and the second conducting layer. The barrier material can be
     positioned so that the first conducting layer and the second conducting
     layer do not make contact. The MR sensor can be connected in parallel to
     the first and second conducting layer. The tunnel junction can be made of
     a material with a resistance more than the MR sensor's resistance at
     operational voltages and a resistance below the MR sensor's resistance at
     larger voltages. In another aspect of the invention, a method for
     fabricating the protected circuit including integrating a MR sensor on the
     circuit and coupling a tunnel junction to the MR sensor to dissipate an
     electrical signal exceeding operational voltages for the MR sensor is
     presented. The tunnel junction device can be fabricated during the
     fabrication of the circuit. The method can include fabricating the tunnel
     junction on the MR sensor."
"An amplifier amplifies a potential difference appearing at sense channels.
     A resistor of a given resistance value and a magnetoresistive element are
     connected to the amplifier. First and second inspection currents of
     difference values are supplied to the resistor. The amplifier thus outputs
     a first and second voltages. The amplification characteristic or gain of
     the amplifier can be calculated based on the measured first and second
     voltages, the values of the inspection currents and the resistance of the
     resistor. A third inspection current is then supplied to the
     magnetoresistive element. The output voltage is likewise measured. The
     value of the third inspection current and the value of the measured output
     voltage in addition to the amplification characteristic enable a highly
     accurate determination of the value corresponding to the effective
     resistance of the magnetoresistive element."
"A tunneling magnetoresistive storage unit (TMR unit) includes a hollow
     cylinder-shaped free-spin element having one open end, a columnlike
     fixed-spin element formed inside the cylinder-shaped free-spin element,
     and a thin insulator layer located between them. The spin direction in the
     fixed-spin element is fixed to a predefined circumferential direction of
     its column-shaped magnetic substance beforehand and a tunneling current is
     flowed between the free-spin element and the fixed-spin element. A
     rotating magnetic field produced as a consequence is used to set the spin
     direction in the cylinder-shaped free-spin element to one of its
     circumferential directions. This structure decreases the amount of
     electric current required for performing data write operation, also
     enabling miniaturization and a higher level of integration of the TMR unit
     and a magnetic random-access memory by employing such TMR units."
"A thin-film magnetic element comprises a substrate and a magnetoresistive
     multilayer film provided on the substrate. The multilayer film includes at
     least one magnetic layer. Bias underlayers formed of a nonmagnetic
     material are comprised in the thin-film magnetic element, having sidewall
     portions formed along side surfaces of the multilayer film and base
     portions formed on the surface of the substrate in the track width
     direction. The thickness of the sidewall portions is larger than that of
     the base portions. Hard magnetic layers for orienting the magnetization
     direction of at least one magnetic layer are deposited on the bias
     underlayers at sides of the multilayer film."
"By constituting a MR head with a pair of magnet films defining a recess on
     a lower gap layer, the recess having generally an inverted trapezoid shape
     in cross section; a magnetoresistive film covering a bottom and side wall
     of the recess and partial upper surfaces of the pair of magnet films; and
     a pair of electrically conductive films formed on the magnet films and
     being in contact with said magnetoresistive film only at a position
     outside of the recess, it becomes possible to reduce a variation in
     reading track widths of MR heads even under mass production."
"A free layer structure of a spin valve sensor includes a cobalt niobium or
     cobalt niobium hafnium layer for providing a negative magnetostriction
     which completely or partially counterbalances a positive magnetostriction
     of a cobalt or cobalt iron layer wherein the cobalt or cobalt iron layer
     interfaces a copper spacer layer for increasing the magnetoresistive
     coefficient dr/R of the head. In one aspect of the invention the free
     layer structure consists of only the cobalt iron layer and the cobalt
     niobium or cobalt niobium hafnium layer."
"A MR element is provided, which allows the sense current to flow through
     only the inner region of a MR layer to bypass its end regions, thereby
     realizing high magnetic sensitivity and good domain control in the sensing
     region. The element comprises (a) a MR layer having a width corresponding
     to a recording track width of an applicable magnetic recording medium; (b)
     a pair of vertical biasing layers disposed at each side of the MR layer to
     be overlapped with each end of the MR layer; inner opposing ends of the
     pair of vertical biasing layers being contacted with the MR layer; (c) a
     pair of dielectric layers formed on the pair of biasing layers; inner
     opposing ends of the pair of dielectric layers being contacted with the
     MPR layer; and (d) a pair of electrode layers formed on the pair of
     dielectric layers; inner opposing ends of the pair of electrode layers
     being contacted with the MR layer, thereby electrically connecting the
     pair of electrode layers to the MR layer; a distance between the inner
     opposing ends of the pair of electrode layers being smaller than a width
     of the MR layer. The pair of electrode layers may be completely separated
     from the pair of vertical biasing layers by the pair of dielectric layers
     or contacted with the pair of vertical biasing layers by way of openings
     in the pair of dielectric layers."
"Magnetic heads capable of recording and reading with high sensitivity and
     resolution are provided by minimizing the outflow of magnetic fluxes from
     a flux guide to magnetic shields while using a flux guide structure for an
     MR element. In the magnetic head, magnetic shields exposed on a surface
     opposite a magnetic recording medium (air bearing surface) and a flux
     guide exposed between the magnetic heads via a non-magnetic layer are
     provided, and magnetic fluxes are guided by the flux guide to a
     magnetoresistive (MR) element formed in a position not exposed on the air
     bearing surface. The height of the magnetic shields in a direction
     perpendicular to the air bearing surface is less than the distance from
     the air bearing surface to the MR element, and the lengthwise direction of
     the magnetic shields is in parallel to the air bearing surface in the
     vicinity of the position in which the flux guide is formed."
"In a composite magnetic head comprising a magnetoresistive read head
     including a magnetic thin film having a magnetoresistive effect and soft
     magnetic members interposing the soft magnetic film between them through a
     non-magnetic insulation layer, an induction type write head including
     poles formed in a moving direction of a medium and a conductor crossing
     the poles, and disposed in the proximity of the magnetoresistive head, and
     a substrate supporting these heads, the present invention discloses a
     composite magnetic head characterized in that part of a floating surface
     inclusive of the magnetic head constituent members has recesses and the
     read/write operations to and from the medium are effected by the portion
     interposed by these recesses."
"There is provided a magneto-resistive sensor including (a) a multi-layered
     structure including a base layer, a magnetic layer, and a non-magnetic
     layer, the magnetic and non-magnetic layers being deposited on or above
     the base layer, the multi-layered structure having a sense region therein,
     and (b) a pair of electrode layers electrically connected to the sense
     region at its opposite sides, the electrode layers leading a sense current
     into the sense region at one side thereof and leading the sense current
     out of the sense region through the other side thereof, the
     magneto-resistive sensor detecting a magnetic field in accordance with
     fluctuation in a resistance in the sense region, the base layer being
     composed of zirconium (Zr) or alloy thereof. The magneto-resistive sensor
     makes it possible to provide a magneto-resistive layer having
     crystallinity superior to almost the same degree as crystallinity obtained
     when a base layer is composed of Ta, and to ensure a high
     resistance-change ratio."
"A magnetoresistive element includes an insulating layer formed between
     electrode layers, and the electrode layers are formed on a multilayer film
     so as to be in contact with the sides of the insulating layer. The
     thickness of the electrode layers can therefore be kept thick even at
     front end faces and a sensing current can flow into the multilayer film
     always at a constant level."
"A magneto-resistive (MR) stripe element includes a magnetically active body
     portion and a tri-layer electrical conductor structure arranged proximate
     the magnetically active body portion. The conductor structure has an
     alpha-Ta bi-layer film and a chromium capping layer. The alpha-Ta bi-layer
     film includes a chromium base layer and a tantalum layer. The capping
     layer caps the alpha-Ta bi-layer film such that the tantalum layer is
     disposed between the chromium base layer and the chromium capping layer.
     The tri-layer conductor structure has minimized compressive stress after
     deposition of the three layers and an even lower compressive stress after
     annealing. The thickness of the chromium capping layer is dependent at
     least upon the thickness of the chromium base layer such that the
     tri-layer conductor has a minimized compressive stress after deposition
     and annealing. The MR stripe element may be incorporated in a magnetic
     read head for reading data from a magnetic storage medium."
"A magnetic recording medium is disclosed, comprising a support having
     thereon a magnetic layer which mainly comprises a ferromagnetic powder and
     a binder, wherein the magnetic recording medium is used in a magnetic
     recording reproduction system in which a recording signal is reproduced
     with a magnetic resistance type head (MR head), the ferromagnetic powder
     is a hexagonal magnetic ferrite powder having an average tabular diameter
     of from 10 to 40 nm, and the magnetic layer has a coercive force of 159
     kA/m or more and has at most less than 1% of a component which performs
     magnetic flux revolution in a region of 80 kA/m or less in a differential
     curve of a remanence curve."
"A magnetic recording medium for use in reproduction with an MR head, which
     comprises: a non-magnetic substrate; a non-magnetic layer including a
     binder resin having dispersed therein a non-magnetic powder on the
     non-magnetic substrate; and a magnetic layer on the non-magnetic layer
     ""has a thickness of at most 0.15 .mu.m and"", wherein the magnetic layer is
     obtained by applying a magnetic coating material on the applied, dried and
     cured non-magnetic layer, the magnetic layer includes a metal magnetic
     powder with a mean major axis length of from 0.03 to 0.07 .mu.m, and a
     saturation magnetization .sigma..sub.s of from 100 to 125 Am.sup.2 /kg ""an
     X ray crystal particle size Dx of from 50-150 .ANG.,"", and the center line
     mean roughness Ra of the magnetic layer surface is 5 nm or less."
"A method for forming a magnetoresistive (MR) layer first employs a
     substrate over which is formed a magnetoresistive (MR) layer formed of a
     magnetoresistive (MR) material. There is then ion implanted selectively,
     while employing an ion implant method, the magnetoresistive (MR) layer to
     form: (1) an ion implanted portion of the magnetoresistive (MR) layer
     formed of an ion implanted magnetoresistive (MR) material; and (2) an
     adjoining non ion implanted portion of the magnetoresistive (MR) layer
     formed of the magnetoresistive (MR) material, where the ion implanted
     magnetoresistive (MR) material is a non magnetoresistive (MR) material.
     The method may be employed for forming within magnetoresistive (MR) sensor
     elements magnetoresistive (MR) layers with enhanced dimensional
     uniformity, and in particular enhanced overlay dimensional uniformity."
"A thin film magnetic head includes a lower shielding layer composed of a
     magnetic material; a nonmagnetic MR gap layer on the lower shielding
     layer; a magnetoresistive element layer in the MR gap layer facing a
     recording medium; a lower core layer composed of a magnetic material on
     the MR gap layer; an upper core layer composed of a magnetic material
     being opposed to the lower core layer with a nonmagnetic gap layer
     therebetween at the surface facing the recording medium; and a coil layer
     for inducing a recording magnetic field in the lower core layer and the
     upper core layer. Alternatively, a thin film magnetic head further
     includes a first magnetic material layer in the rear of the lower
     shielding layer, magnetically separated from the lower shielding layer. A
     method of fabricating the same is also disclosed."
"The magneto-resistance effect film of the present invention comprises a
     first magnetic layer consisting of a perpendicularly magnetized film; a
     second magnetic layer consisting of a perpendicularly magnetized film
     stacked above said first magnetic layer; a non-magnetic layer sandwiched
     between said first and second magnetic layers; and a first magnetic region
     formed in granular shape between one of said first and second magnetic
     layers and the non-magnetic layer and having a spin polarization greater
     than that of the one of the first and second magnetic layers, wherein said
     first magnetic region is exchange-coupled with the one of the first and
     second magnetic layers."
"A thin film read/write head with a high performance read section that
     includes a spin-dependent tunneling sensor composed of a new low
     resistance metal oxide tunneling barrier material, such as chromium oxide
     (Cr.sub.x O.sub.y) or niobium oxide (NbO.sub.z). The chromium oxide
     material (Cr.sub.x O.sub.y) can be, for example: Cr.sub.3 O.sub.4,
     Cr.sub.2 O.sub.3, CrO.sub.2, CrO.sub.3, Cr.sub.5 O.sub.12, Cr.sub.6
     O.sub.15, other stoichiometry, or any combination thereof. The niobium
     oxide (NbO.sub.z) can be, for example: NbO, NbO.sub.2, Nb.sub.2 O.sub.5,
     Nb.sub.2 O.sub.3, Nb.sub.12 O.sub.29, Nb.sub.11 O.sub.27, other
     stoichiometry, or any combination thereof. The chromium oxide and the
     niobium oxide material provides a very low sensor resistance with an
     acceptable magnetoresistance ratio, which will enable the fabrication of
     high density read sensors, and thus read heads with high data transfer
     rate."
"A spin-valve magnetoresistive device that can reproduce a signal magnetic
     field from a magnetic recording medium with high precision is provided.
     This spin-valve magnetoresistive device includes a free magnetic layer (a
     first ferromagnetic layer), a non-magnetic conductive layer, a
     multi-layered fixed magnetic layer, and an anti-ferromagnetic layer. These
     layers are laminated in that order. The multi-layered fixed magnetic layer
     includes a second ferromagnetic layer, a reverse parallel coupling
     intermediate layer, and a third ferromagnetic layer, which layers are
     laminated in that order. A fourth ferromagnetic layer that cancels a
     leakage magnetic field generated from the multi-layered fixed magnetic
     layer is disposed in contact with the anti-ferromagnetic layer."
"A method for making spin valves with low and stable coupling field includes
     the oxygen exposure steps. In this method, a first ferromagnetic layer is
     deposited onto a substrate using an ion beam sputtering process. The first
     surface of the first ferromagnetic layer is exposed to an oxygen-rich
     atmosphere with oxygen partial pressure of about 5.times.10.sup.-6 Torr.
     Oxygen is physisorbed on the first surface. The oxygen partial pressure
     rapidly decreases before a spacer layer of about 20 .ANG. thick copper is
     deposited onto the first oxygen treated surface. The spacer layer has a
     second surface, which is treated with oxygen with a process similar to the
     process for treating the first surface. The oxygen partial pressure
     rapidly decreases before the second ferromagnetic layer is deposited onto
     the second oxygen treated surface. Surface adsorption of oxygen limits the
     intermixing between the layers and reduces the surface roughness of these
     surfaces, which results in reducing the coupling field of spin valves. The
     coupling field is extremely stable upon hard bake anneal. The
     magnetoresistive ratio also is significantly enhanced. This method can be
     applied for top and bottom simple spin valve, top and bottom AP-pinned
     spin valve, and dual spin valve."
"An inverse type compound thin film magnetic with good dispersion of the
     heat generated in the magnetoresistance (MR) element, ensuring thermal
     reliability. In one embodiment, an electromagnetic induction type thin
     film magnetic head, a magnetoresistance effect type thin film magnetic
     head, a first protective film, a heat dispersion layer with thermal
     conductivity higher than the first protective film, and a second
     protective film are formed in succession on a substrate."
"A magnetic disk apparatus includes a magnetic disk for recording
     information and a magnetic head which has a reproducing head and a
     recording head. The reproducing head comprising a lower shield film, a
     magnetoresistive film, a pair of electrodes and an upper shield, and the
     recording head comprising an upper magnetic core, a lower magnetic core,
     and a coil disposed between said upper magnetic core and said lower
     magnetic core. The upper magnetic core and the lower magnetic core include
     an electroplated thin film with an average crystal grain size smaller than
     500 .ANG., and the electroplated thin film is made of Ni--Fe alloy of
     which Ni is 38 to 60 wt % and Fe is 40 to 62 wt %."
"In a revolution detecting device, a tunneling magnetoresistance sensor
     having an element located in a region is provided. The tunneling
     magnetoresistance sensor comprises a substrate, a pinned layer composed of
     ferromagnetism material and located to one side of the substrate, a
     tunneling layer composed of insulating film and located to one side of the
     pinned layer and a free layer composed of ferromagnetism film and located
     to one side of the tunneling layer. The element is configured to detect a
     change of magnetoresistance of the element according to a magnetic field
     applied in the region in which the element is located. The change of the
     magnetoresistance of the element is based on a change of current flowing
     through the tunneling layer between the pinned layer and the free layer.
     In the revolution detecting device, a revolution member is disposed in a
     vicinity of the element in the Y axis from a viewpoint of the element. The
     revolution member has a surface portion opposite to the element. The
     surface portion is formed with S poles and N poles which are alternately
     arranged. In the revolution detecting device, a magnet is disposed in a
     vicinity of the element and generating the magnetic field and a direction
     of the magnetic field is substantially parallel to the Y axis at a center
     portion of the element. When the revolution member revolves, the S poles
     and N poles are configured to move substantially in parallel to the X axis
     on the Y axis determined by the element."
"A magnetic field sensing element comprises an underlayer formed on a
     substrate, a giant magnetoresistance element formed on the underlayer for
     detecting a change in a magnetic field, and an integrated circuit formed
     on the substrate for carrying out predetermined arithmetic processing
     based on a change in a magnetic field detected by the giant
     magnetoresistance element, wherein the giant magnetoresistance element and
     the integrated circuit are formed on the same surface."
"The object of the invention is the shielding of a magnetic memory against
     high external magnetic fields. The magnetic memory (1) comprises an array
     of magnetic memory elements (2), each memory element (3) including at
     least one layer of magnetic material (4). The operation of the magnetic
     memory elements (3) is based on a magnetoresistance effect. The memory (1)
     is protected against high external magnetic fields by a shielding layer
     (14), which has been split into regions (5) covering the memory elements
     (3). The magnetic memory (1) is not erased by high external magnetic
     fields because of a strong attenuation of the external magnetic field by
     the regions (5) of the shielding layer (14)."
"A process for planarizing a patterned metal structure for a magnetic thin
     film head includes the steps of applying an encapsulation/planarizing
     material on a substrate, spinning the substrate in a photoresist spinner
     or similar machine, curing the encapsulation/planarizing layer by
     energetic particles such as an electron beam. The planarizing process
     further comprises the step of polishing the entire structure using a
     conventional chemical-mechanical polishing step. The curing step takes
     place at the substrate temperature less than 200.degree. C., which
     prevents the damages of the thin film head structures such as MR and GMR
     sensors. This process is cheap, efficient and easy to apply."
"A steering system comprises a hand wheel positioned for manipulation by a
     driver, a steering shaft extending from the hand wheel, and a magnetic
     column lock. The steering shaft is supported by a steering column housing
     so that it can rotate on its own axis. The magnetic column lock includes a
     rotor attached to steering shaft, a stator attached to column housing, and
     magnetorheological fluid filling a space between the rotor and stator. In
     another aspect of the steering system, the steering shaft extends from the
     hand wheel through a hand wheel actuator having a position sensor and a
     motor for providing driver feedback. A steering column extends from a
     lower portion of said steering shaft to a rack, and includes a pinion at
     its lower end for engagement with the rack, so that the rack translates
     left and right when the pinion is rotated in corresponding directions. The
     rack is connected to the front road wheels and causes the front road
     wheels to steer when it is translated. An electronic controller receives
     signals indicative of an angular position of the hand wheel from the
     position sensor, and a road wheel actuator connected to the steering rack
     receives signals from the electronic controller and repositions the
     steering rack in response to the signals from said electronic controller.
     A magnetic clutch having MR fluid is provided for selectively engaging
     said steering shaft to said steering column."
"A medical examination installation has an MR system and an X-ray system
     that has an X-ray radiator with an X-ray tube and a solid-state X-ray
     image detector for producing X-ray exposures. The X-ray system has sensors
     for the acquisition of the location dependency of the stray field of the
     MR system in the three spatial axes, and coils for compensation of the
     stray field, and a computer that uses the output signal of the sensors to
     calculate a current for the coils which cause the stray field to be
     reduced in the region of the electron beams of the X-ray tube."
"A computer automated method for setting visualization parameter boundaries
     in a preset for displaying an image from a 3D data set applicable to
     magnetic resonance (MR) data, computer tomography (CT) data and other 3D
     data sets obtained in medical imaging is described. In one example the
     visualization parameter boundaries are color boundaries. A histogram of
     data values of voxels within a user-selected volume of interest (VOI) is
     generated and an analysis of a convex hull spanning the histogram is made
     to provide one or more visualization thresholds which divide the histogram
     into sub-regions. The sub-regions relate to different tissue types within
     the VOI and color boundaries are set based on the visualization thresholds
     for displaying the different tissue types in different colors. The method
     allows color boundaries in a preset to be set objectively and
     automatically so that images can be displayed consistently and with less
     user manipulation. The method may also provide a measure of the
     significance of each color boundary in the preset to assist a user in
     interpreting a displayed image."
"A magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) has separate read and write
     paths. Switchable current mirrors, each having multiple series-connected
     stages, receive a common reference current. A timing circuit provides
     control signals to word and bit decoders and to the switchable current
     mirrors to selectively complete current paths through a predetermined
     write word line and a predetermined write bit line. Bit lines are
     connected together at a common end, and word lines are connected together
     at a common end. By precharging a common rail having multiple write bit
     lines connected together, the write noise immunity is improved and current
     spikes are minimized. Groups of bit lines may be connected via a metal
     option to adjust a transition time of a programming current."
"A magnetoresistive head has a high low resistance and a high MR ratio at
     room temperature and a S/N ratio that does not decrease sharply upon
     application of a bias voltage. The magnetoresistive head includes a soft
     magnetic free layer, a non-magnetic insulating layer, and a ferromagnetic
     pinned layer. The ferromagnetic pinned layer may have a spin valve layer
     whose magnetization is fixed with respect to the magnetic field to be
     detected. The magnetization of the soft magnetic free layer is permitted
     to rotate in response to an external magnetic field, thereby changing the
     relative angle with the magnetization of the ferromagnetic pinned layer
     and producing a magnetoresistive effect whose absolute value has a peak at
     a temperature range of 0-60.degree. C. with a bias voltage Vs (applied
     across the ferromagnetic pinned layer and the soft magnetic free layer) in
     ranges of +0.2 to +0.8 V and -0.8 to -0.2 V."
"A tunneling magnetoresistive device comprises an insulating barrier layer,
     and at least two ferromagnetic layers provided on the same plane of the
     layer. The insulating barrier layer can be initially formed, so that when
     a metal layer is oxidized to form the insulating barrier layer, it is
     unnecessary to pay care to the influence of oxidation on the ferromagnetic
     layers. The insulating barrier layer can be formed in large thickness,
     thereby suppressing defects, such as pinholes, from occurring. Thus, a
     tunneling magnetoresistive device having good characteristics can be
     manufactured."
"Provided are a magnetic transducer having a higher rate of resistance
     change and a larger magnitude of resistance change and having better
     stability of properties, and a thin film magnetic head. A stack of an MR
     element has a stacked structure comprising an underlayer, an
     antiferromagnetic layer, a ferromagnetic layer, a first nonmagnetic layer,
     a first soft magnetic layer, a second soft magnetic layer, a second
     nonmagnetic layer and a high-resistance layer, which are stacked in
     sequence on the underlayer. The orientation of magnetization of the
     ferromagnetic layer is fixed by exchange coupling between the
     ferromagnetic layer and the antiferromagnetic layer. The orientations of
     magnetizations of the first soft magnetic layer and the second soft
     magnetic layer change according to an external magnetic field. Electrical
     resistance of the stack changes according to a relative angle between the
     orientations of the magnetizations of the first soft magnetic layer and
     the second soft magnetic layer and the orientation of the magnetization of
     the ferromagnetic layer. The high-resistance layer has higher electrical
     resistance than electrical resistance of the second nonmagnetic layer. The
     second nonmagnetic layer and the high-resistance layer are provided on the
     side of the second soft magnetic layer opposite to the first nonmagnetic
     layer. Thus, the rate of resistance change and the magnitude of resistance
     change can be increased, and furthermore stability of properties can be
     improved."
"A magnetoresisive device comprises: an MR element having two surfaces that
     face toward opposite directions and two side portions that face toward
     opposite directions; two bias field applying layers that are located
     adjacent to the side portions of the MR element and apply a longitudinal
     bias magnetic field to the MR element; and two electrode layers that are
     located adjacent to one of the surfaces of each of the bias field applying
     layers and feed a sense current to the MR element. The electrode layers
     overlap the one of the surfaces of the MR element. The magnetoresistive
     device further comprises two nonconductive layers that are located between
     the one of the surfaces of the MR element and the two electrode layers and
     located in two regions that include ends of the MR element near the side
     portions thereof, the two regions being parts of the region in which the
     electrode layers face toward the one of the surfaces of the MR element."
"A magnetoresistive sensor for use in a data storage device has a recessed
     sensing element (magnetic tunnel junction, CPP spin valve, etc.) with an
     exchange biased sensing ferromagnetic (free) layer, and a flux guide that
     magnetically connects the sensing element to a sensing surface of the
     sensor. The free layer is selectively exchange biased by a layer of
     exchange bias material placed under non-active regions of the free layer
     that lie outside the sensing element and flux guide track widths. The flux
     guide is provided by extending the free layer from a forward edge of the
     sensing element to the sensor surface. Advantageously, the sensing element
     and the flux guide have equal track width so that magnetic flux directed
     from the flux guide into the sensing element is not diluted with
     consequent loss of sensitivity."
"It is assumed that W1 is the width for an end face of the lower magnetic
     shield thin film 4 which is exposed outward from the tape sliding surface
     1a. It is also assumed that W2 corresponds to the sum of the width for an
     end face of the MR element 7 which is exposed outward from the tape
     sliding surface 1a and widths for end faces of a pair of ferromagnetic
     films 9 and 10 which are exposed outward therefrom. The width W1 is
     determined to be smaller than W2. When the MR head 1 is mounted on the
     head support plate 30 or the rotary drum 42, it is possible to use as a
     marker the lower magnetic shield thin film 4's end face exposed from the
     tape sliding surface."
"There is provided an apparatus and method for controlling a disc drive and,
     more particularly, an apparatus and method for restoring stability to a
     head of a hard disc drive, so that instability in a magneto resistive (MR)
     sensor of the disc drive can be restored through an electric shock.
     Instability of the MR head, i.e. incorrect alignment of the domain of the
     MR head, is determined by a bit error rate (BER) test and channel
     statistical measurement (CSM) test, and instability of the MR head is
     determined, the MR head is restored by applying electric shocks thereto.
     Therefore, the apparatus and method have advantages in that manufacturing
     process inferiority rate due to instability of head in a hard disc drive
     can be reduced, yield can be improved and the defect rate can be improved."
"A magnetoresistive thin-film magnetic element including a composite
     comprising an antiferromagnetic layer, a pinned magnetic layer, a
     nonmagnetic conductive layer, a free magnetic layer; hard bias layers for
     orienting the magnetic vectors of the free magnetic layer in a direction
     substantially orthogonal to the magnetization vector of the pinned
     magnetic layer; and a conductive layer for supplying a sense current is
     provided. The hard bias layers are provided at the two sides of the free
     magnetic layer. The hard bias layers and the free magnetic layers are in
     contact with each other at least partly. Bias underlayers are provided at
     the bottom of the hard bias layers."
"Provided are a method of manufacturing a magnetoresistive device and a
     method of manufacturing a thin film magnetic head capable of efficiently
     forming a magnetoresistive device having an extremely small
     magnetoresistive film pattern, and capable of reducing variations in
     dimensions of the magnetoresistive film pattern. Further, provided is a
     method of forming a thin film pattern capable of efficiently forming a
     plurality of thin film patterns with different sizes on a same base with
     accuracy according to the thin film patterns. Electron beam lithography or
     photolithography is selectively used according to the sizes of patterns to
     be formed, so while the dimensional accuracy of a portion specifically
     requiring higher accuracy can be secured, the patterns can be efficiently
     formed."
"A position controller including a position transmitter (9) and a control
     unit (13). The position transmitter detects the actual position of an
     actuator (7). The control unit (13) is arranged in an ignition-proof
     enclosure that is separate from the housing of the position transmitter
     (9). The interface (18) between the control unit (13) and the position
     transmitter (9) as well as the position transmitter (9) itself--which
     comprises a magnet (10) and a magnetoresistive sensor (50)--have an
     inherent electrical safety design."
"A system and method for algebraically correcting errors in complex
     digitized phase signals from a magneto-resistive or giant
     magneto-resistive (MR/GMR) head readback waveform includes a data state
     machine that encodes phase symbols into data bits in accordance with,
     e.g., the (1, 10) constraint and a parity state machine that generates
     parity symbols such that a single inserted parity symbol does not violate
     the (1, 7) constraint in a run length limited code and furthermore the
     data following the insertion will not violate the (1, 10) constraint in a
     run length limited code. The state machines can be used as a trellis to
     perform maximum likelihood decoding on received coded data, thus
     performing soft algebraic error detection on received data. The invention
     thus guarantees better overall error rate performance than hard decision
     post processing of blocks of detected bits by a parity check matrix which
     is otherwise vulnerable to loss of bit synchronization at high linear
     density recording."
"A magnetic thin film element is provided with a magnetoresistive film
     including a first magnetic layer composed of a perpendicular magnetization
     film, a second magnetic layer composed of a perpendicular magnetization
     film having a higher coercive force than that of the first magnetic layer,
     and a nonmagnetic layer interposed between the first magnetic layer and
     the second magnetic layer. The resistance of the magnetoresistive film
     varies depending on whether or not the magnetic spins of the first
     magnetic layer and the second magnetic layer are in the same direction."
"According to the invention, techniques for cleaning a rotary
     magneto-resistive head. Embodiments according to the invention are
     especially useful in tape drive systems, and the like. Embodiments can
     provide methods and apparatus for cleaning contaminant from rotary
     magneto-resistive heads while guarding against damage to the head from
     excess cleaning, and the like. Specific embodiments can control the
     rotational speed of a rotary magneto-resistive head in order to facilitate
     cleaning operations. Embodiments include a cleaning device and a control
     method, and are suited for use in a magneto-resistive head mounted on a
     rotary cylinder of a computer tape storage unit, for example, although
     application of the present invention is not limited to such embodiments."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) head of a hard disk drive provides a readback
     signal from a data storage disk. The readback signal is high pass
     filtered, amplified, sampled and digitized to obtain a digital readback
     signal. A thermal component of the digital readback signal is removed from
     the digital readback signal by an efficient nonlinear process in which an
     envelope of the digital readback signal is estimated to obtain upper and
     lower envelope sequences. The upper and lower envelope sequences are
     averaged to derive the estimated thermal component to be subtracted from
     the digital readback signal."
"A semiconductor memory device includes a first wiring extending in a first
     direction, a second wiring extending in a second direction differing from
     the first direction, and a magneto resistive element arranged between the
     first and second wirings and including a first portion and a second
     portion, the second portion being in contact with the second wiring and
     extending along the second wiring to reach an outside region positioned
     outside the first portion."
"A magnetoresistance sensor structure is fabricated by providing a substrate
     structure, depositing a magnetic pinning structure on the substrate
     structure, and depositing an oxidized copper spacer layer overlying the
     magnetic pinning structure. The deposition of the oxidized copper spacer
     layer includes depositing a first copper sublayer, oxidizing the first
     copper sublayer, depositing a second copper sublayer, and oxidizing the
     second copper sublayer. More deposition and oxidation steps may be used as
     necessary. A sensing structure is deposited overlying the oxidized copper
     spacer layer."
"A method for measuring the volume of hydraulic fluid in the secondary
     circuit of a braking system, especially in an accumulator, through the use
     of a Hall-effect magneto resistive device. A secondary hydraulic circuit
     includes an accumulator (11, 137), an electric motor (71, 101) driven
     hydraulic pump (73, 143), and appropriate valving (133) for supplying
     braking force hydraulic pressure from a master cylinder to one or more
     wheel cylinders. There is a secondary hydraulic circuit supply path for
     each wheel brake cylinder and each path includes a first normally open
     solenoid actuable valve (41, 43, 57, 59, 97, 149) providing a brake fluid
     path from the master cylinder to the wheel brake cylinder and a first
     normally closed solenoid actuable valve (61, 65, 67, 69, 139, 141)
     selectively opening during an anti-lock event to provide a path to bleed
     fluid from the associated wheel cylinder to the accumulator (11, 137). One
     or more accumulator volume sensors (37, 39, 145, 147) provide an
     indication of the volume of brake fluid in the accumulators and an
     electronic control unit (127) responds to sensed accumulator volume for
     selectively opening a first normally closed valve during normal vehicle
     braking to maintain a preferred volume of brake fluid in the accumulator
     (11, 137) such that either an optimum anti-lock event or a traction
     control event may immediately occur."
"A method of manufacturing a composite type thin film magnetic head, in
     which saturation and leakage of a magnetic flux can be suppressed although
     a pole portion is miniaturized and throat height, apex angle and MR height
     can be precisely formed to have desired values, is proposed. A recessed
     portion is formed in a substrate by using, as a mask, a first magnetic
     layer. A second magnetic layer and a thin film coil are formed within the
     recessed portion such that the thin film coil is supported by an
     insulating layer in an isolated manner. Surfaces of the magnetic layers
     and the insulating layer are flattened to form a common unit for
     manufacturing a composite type thin film magnetic head. A third magnetic
     layer is formed and coupled with the second magnetic layer. A flat write
     gap layer and a flat fourth magnetic layer are then formed."
"A magnetic head for reproducing a signal recorded on a recording medium,
     includes a substrate, a magnetic head core provided on the substrate,
     having a magnetic gap, and a magnetoresistance device provided on the
     magnetic head core. The magnetic head core is provided in such a manner
     that a thickness direction of the magnetic head core around the magnetic
     gap is substantially the same as a track width direction of the recording
     medium."
"A method and apparatus for protecting a thin film sensor such as a
     magnetoresistive head from damaging electrical transients, such as
     electrostatic discharge. A thin film sensor assembly includes a thin film
     sensor in electrical contact with a first and a second electrical contact.
     A shunting structure is deposited between and in electrical communication
     with the first and second electrical contacts such that the shunting
     structure as deposited is a high resistance path between the first and
     second electrical contacts and does not electrically short the first and
     second electrical contacts. Heat treating the shunting structure then
     forms a low resistance path between the first and second electrical
     contacts to provide protection of the sensor from electrostatic discharge."
"A magnetic data recording system and apparatus providing the flexibility of
     using a magnetoresistive read/write head in other than its standard
     orientation. The invention includes a plurality of magnetic recording
     disks supported on a spindle rotated by a motor. A plurality of arms, each
     mounted to a common actuator for arcuate motion, support at their distal
     ends the magnetoresistive read/write heads. The arms suspend the heads in
     close proximity to upper and lower surfaces of the disks so that the heads
     may record signals thereto and read signals therefrom. Generally such
     systems comprise two sets of such heads, a set of up-heads designed for
     facing upward to read the bottom surface of a disk and another set of
     down-heads designed to face downward to read an upper surface of a disk.
     The present invention provides circuitry allowing the up heads to be used
     in a downward direction and conversely allows a down head to be used in an
     upward direction, thereby eliminating the need to manufacture and store an
     equal number of two different configurations of heads."
"The invention relates to an RF coil system for an open MR apparatus. The
     system includes a plurality of resonator elements which are arranged at
     the area of a patient (102) positioned in the examination volume of an MR
     apparatus. The resonator elements are constructed at least partly as
     solenoid elements (104) whose conductor elements form open turns which are
     arranged around the patient (102). It is thus achieved that the RF field
     generated in the transmission mode and the sensitivity profile in the
     detection mode are limited as strictly as possible to the examination
     volume of interest. At the same time RF field strengths that are adequate
     for medical imaging can be generated without exposing the patient to an
     unacceptable load."
"A downhole caliper instrument utilizing a linear or arcuate magneto
     resistive sensor to determine the position of one or more caliper arms
     which extend from a carrier tool to touch the surface of a borehole wall.
     A processor and firmware are included to calculate and plot the borehole
     radius. A plurality of magneto resistive sensors are provided to calculate
     the sine, cosine and tangent for accurate motion of each independent arm.
     The magneto resistive sensors sense the position a precise magnetic ruler
     linked to the caliper arm. The position of the caliper arm determines the
     radius of the borehole. Calculation of Radius/Diameter is preferably
     performed in the computer on surface. The downhole controller's firmware
     controls the multiplexer switching, A/D conversion and other functions."
"A constant current supply circuit generates a constant current according to
     a control voltage. A data read current passing through a tunneling
     magneto-resistance element constituting a memory cell during data write is
     set according to the constant current. Constant current supply circuit
     includes a voltage adjustment circuit generating a reference voltage
     adjustable according to an external input, a current source generating the
     constant current according to the reference voltage, and a voltage switch
     circuit transmitting the reference voltage to the current source as a
     control voltage during a normal operation."
"Provided are a magnetic transducer and a thin film magnetic head having
     good thermal stability and capable of obtaining a high exchange coupling
     magnetic field, a method of manufacturing a magnetic transducer and a
     method of a manufacturing a thin film magnetic head. An MR element has a
     stack having a stacked structure comprising an underlayer, a
     crystal-growth inhibitor layer, a first soft magnetic layer, a second soft
     magnetic layer, a nonmagnetic layer, a ferromagnetic layer, an
     antiferromagnetic layer and a cap layer, which are stacked in sequence.
     The ferromagnetic layer has an inner ferromagnetic layer, a coupling layer
     and an outer ferromagnetic layer, which are stacked in this order on the
     nonmagnetic layer. The crystal-growth inhibitor layer inhibits crystal
     growth of the layers formed on the crystal-growth inhibitor layer, thereby
     limiting an average in-surface particle diameter of the inner
     ferromagnetic layer to within the range of from 3 nm to 8 nm inclusive, so
     that an interface between the coupling layer and the inner ferromagnetic
     layer becomes flattened."
"A multi-track magnetoresistive (MR) tape head with precisely-aligned
     read/write (R/W) track-pairs and a method for fabrication on a monolithic
     substrate wherein a plurality of tape heads are fabricated from a single
     substrate wafer by using complete thin-film processing on both sides of
     the wafer. The recording elements are aligned with readers opposite
     writers on the other side, providing a method for fabricating a
     multi-track thin-film magnetoresistive tape head with precisely-aligned
     R/W track-pairs fabricated on a monolithic substrate. As used herein, the
     term monolithic denominates an undivided seamless piece. The wafer is
     built using modified standard thin-film processes for fabricating direct
     access storage device (DASD) heads and modified substrate lapping
     procedures. The gap-to-gap separation within each R/W track-pair is
     reduced to nearly the thickness of the substrate wafer, which is
     significantly less than conventional separations known in the art. By
     fabricating on both sides of the wafer, hundreds or thousands of head
     elements may be aligned in one step while reducing the number of pieces in
     the completed head assembly."
"A triple antiparallel (AP) coupled free layer structure is located between
     first and second pinned layer structures in a dual spin valve sensor. The
     triple AP coupled free layer structure includes first, second and third
     antiparallel (AP) coupled ferromagnetic free layers and nonmagnetic first
     and second antiparallel (AP) coupling layers. The first AP coupling layer
     is located between and interfaces the first and second AP coupled free
     layers and the second AP coupling layer is located between and interfaces
     the second and third AP coupled free layers. Magnetic moments of the first
     and third AP coupled free layers are parallel with respect to one another
     and, because of a strong antiparallel coupling, the second AP coupled free
     layer pins magnetic moments of the first and third AP coupled free layers
     antiparallel thereto. In a preferred embodiment the first and third AP
     coupled free layers are cobalt based for promoting a high
     magnetoresistance of the sensor and the second AP coupled free layer is
     nickel iron based for promoting sensitivity of the free layer structure to
     signal fields."
"An intermediate article of manufacture of a magnetoresistive head with a
     protective device having sensor elements with terminal pads and a shunt
     element connected across the sensor element for shunting the sensor
     element to discharge static electrical charge during the manufacture of
     the magnetoresistive head. The shunt element is a piece of solder
     extending between the first and second terminals."
"A magnetic head include a pair of magnetic shield layers, a pair of gap
     layers formed between the pair of magnetic shield layers, a
     magnetoresistive layer arranged between the pair of gap layers, and a pair
     of electrodes electrically connected to the magnetoresistive layer. At
     least one of the pair of magnetic shield layers is formed as a
     discontinuous multi-layer or as a mixed layer."
"An MR thin-film magnetic head includes a lower shield layer, an upper
     shield layer, a MR multilayer sandwiched between the lower shield layer
     and the upper shield layer, the MR multilayer being electrically connected
     with the lower shield layer and the upper shield layer, a current flowing
     through the MR multilayer in a direction perpendicular to surfaces of
     layers, and a lead conductor having one end electrically connected to the
     upper shield layer and the other end connected to a terminal electrode.
     The lead conductor is patterned such that an area of said lead conductor
     located above said lower shield layer becomes small."
"The magnetic surfaces of the magnetoresistive or magnetic tunnel junction
     and inductive write head and magnetic recording disk of a hard disk drive
     are protected from corrosion by inserting a vapor phase corrosion
     inhibitor (VPCI) package into the disk drive for providing additives in
     the vapor phase of the disk drive enclosure to maintain an equilibrium and
     renewable adsorbed film of metal passivators on the head and disk
     surfaces. The VPCI package includes at least one vapor phase corrosion
     inhibitor (VPCI) embedded in a polymeric matrix."
"A thin-film magnetic field sensor is provided which includes two arms of a
     bridge circuit formed of a first element having a giant-magneto-resistant
     thin-film, and soft magnetic thin-films disposed one on either side
     thereof, with electrical terminals, and a second element having a
     giant-magneto-resistant thin-film, and conductive films disposed one on
     either side thereof, with electrical terminals. The electrical resistance
     value of the second element has sensitivity relative to the magnetic
     field, such that it is substantially zero when the magnetic field is
     small, but it changes equally to the first element due to causes other
     than the magnetic field. Since the output of the bridge circuit is in
     proportion to the difference in electrical resistance values between the
     first and second elements, part of a change due to causes other than the
     magnetic field is canceled in the output of the bridge circuit, whereby
     the magnetic field value can be accurately measured."
"Provided is a particulate magnetic recording medium having good processing
     properties and being inexpensive to produce, similar to prior recording
     media, wherein by controlling the magnetic clusters that appear due to
     recording at short wavelengths and thinning of the magnetic layer, good
     high-density characteristics are achieved in combination with MR heads.
     The magnetic recording medium comprising an essentially nonmagnetic lower
     layer and a magnetic layer comprising a ferromagnetic powder and a binder
     in this order, wherein the magnetic layer has a thickness ranging from
     0.01 to 0.15 .mu.m and a coercivity equal to or higher than 159 kA/m,
     ferromagnetic particles contained in the ferromagnetic powder have a size
     less than 1/2 of the minimum recording wavelength, and an average size of
     magnetic cluster at DC erase is equal to or higher than 0.5.times.10.sup.4
     nm.sup.2 and less than 5.5.times.10.sup.4 nm.sup.2."
"In a magneto-optical disc contained in a cartridge, a first dielectric
     layer, signal recording layer, second dielectric layer, and light
     reflecting layer are sequentially stacked on a substrate having formed
     grooves, and a first protective layer, print layer using at least one
     color and second protective layer are sequentially stacked on the light
     reflecting layer. Thickness of the second protective layer is not smaller
     than that of the print layer, and thickness of the first protective layer
     is not smaller than 2 .mu.m. Thus the recording medium having the print
     layer on at least one surface maintains a sufficient resistance to
     corrosion and a good slidableness."
"When shape anisotropy energy (H) of giant magnetoresistive elements (GMR
     elements) is expressed by H=A*Js*(Br/.pi.) using saturation magnetization
     Js of a free magnetic layer and remanent magnetic flux density Br, A is
     set within a range of -350&lt;A&lt;0, and pairs of the GMR elements having
     opposite directions of fixed magnetization are electrically connected so
     that a differential of electric resistance values between electrode layers
     is outputted."
"A magneto-resistance effect (""MR"") type composite head includes a
     reproduction head with an MR element arranged between a first and a second
     magnetic shield; and a recording head arranged adjacent to the
     reproduction head so as to use the second magnetic shield as a first
     magnetic pole film and having a second magnetic pole film opposing to the
     first magnetic pole via a magnetic gap; the MR element includes a center
     region including a ferromagnetic tunnel junction magneto-resistance effect
     film having a first ferromagnetic layer and a second ferromagnetic layer
     for generating a magneto-resistance effect using the first and the second
     magnetic shields as electrodes so that a current flows in an almost
     vertical direction between the first and the second magnetic shields; a
     tunnel barrier layer provided between the first and the second
     ferromagnetic layer; and an end region arranged to sandwich the center
     region from both sides for /applying a bias magnetic field to the center
     region."
"A magnetoresistive element with an improved magnetoresistive effect
     achieved by interposing a titanium nitride layer between a substrate and a
     spinel-type magnetic substance is provided. The magnetoresistive element
     comprises a substrate and a multilayer film formed on the substrate, and
     the multilayer film includes a first magnetic layer, a nonmagnetic layer
     formed on the first magnetic layer and a second magnetic layer formed on
     this nonmagnetic layer. An electric current is supplied in a direction
     perpendicular to a film surface of the multilayer film, and a change in
     electrical resistance is detected by the electric current based on a
     change in a relative angle between a magnetization direction of the first
     magnetic layer and a magnetization direction of the second magnetic layer.
     The first magnetic layer has a spinel crystal structure, and the
     multilayer film further includes a titanium nitride layer interposed
     between the substrate and the first magnetic layer."
"An object of the invention is to provide a magnetic transducer and a thin
     film magnetic head having resistance properties adaptable to
     ultra-high-density recording. An MR element, the magnetic transducer, has
     a stack including a plurality of magnetic layers stacked alternately with
     a plurality of nonmagnetic layers. The stack has a first region and a
     second region into which the stack is divided in the direction of stacking
     thereof. The first and second regions of the stack differ from each other
     in the material or composition of the magnetic layers. The MR element has
     the above-described structure, thereby being capable of obtaining high
     resistance and a high rate of resistance change."
"A tunneling barrier for a spin dependent tunneling (SDT) device is
     disclosed that includes a plurality of ferromagnetic particles. The
     presence of such particles in the tunneling barrier has been found to
     increase a magnetoresistance or .DELTA.R/R response, improving the signal
     and the signal to noise ratio. Such an increased .DELTA.R/R response also
     offers the possibility of decreasing an area of the tunnel barrier layer
     and/or increasing a thickness of the tunnel barrier layer. Decreasing the
     area of the tunnel barrier layer can afford improvements in resolution of
     devices such as MR sensors and increased density of devices such as of
     MRAM cells. Increasing the thickness of the tunnel barrier can afford
     improvements in manufacturing such as increased yield."
"Variable valve mechanisms utilize magnetorheological fluid (MRF) in lost
     motion devices for controlling lift and timing of engine valves and the
     like. The lost motion devices are designed with either of two operational
     modes, a direct shear mode and a valve mode. In the shear mode, the MR
     fluid is retained between relatively movable shear surfaces of a lost
     motion device and the relative motion is controlled by varying the shear
     strength of the fluid by a magnetic field applied to the MR fluid between
     the shear surfaces. In the valve mode, the flow rate of MR fluid through
     an orifice is controlled by varying the magnetic field to control the flow
     viscosity of the fluid passing through the orifice. The lost motion device
     units may be applied directly between an input cam and an output valve or
     may be applied to a pivot for a finger follower or another type of valve
     actuation."
"A magnetoresistance effect device comprises a magnetic multi-layer film
     having at least an antiferromagnetic film, a first ferromagnetic film, a
     non-magnetic film, and a second ferromagnetic film formed in the order on
     the front surface portion of the substrate, the magnetic multi-layer film
     having giant magnetoresistance effect, at least the second ferromagnetic
     film having a shape corresponding to a magnetic field detecting portion.
     The bias magnetic field applying films are disposed on a conductive film
     of the magnetic multi-layer film at outer portions of both edge portions
     of the magnetic field detecting portion of the magnetoresistance effective
     film. Alternatively, the second ferromagnetic film has a first portion
     corresponding to the magnetic field detecting portion and a second portion
     corresponding to the outer portions of both the edge portions of the
     magnetic field detecting portion, the film thickness-of the second portion
     being smaller than the film thickness of the first portion. The bias
     magnetic field applying films are formed at the outer portions of both the
     edge portions of the magnetic field detecting portion of the second
     ferromagnetic film. With the reversely structured magnetoresistance effect
     film and the laminate positions of the bias magnetic field applying films,
     in addition to suppressing the reproduction fringe and Barkhausen noise,
     the decrease of contact resistance, the suppression of insulation detect,
     and good linear response characteristic can be accomplished."
"A MR sensor includes at least one pinned layer, at least one nonmagnetic
     layer, and a free layer layered with the at least one pinned layer via the
     at least one nonmagnetic layer. A magnetization direction of the at least
     one pinned layer is fixed, and a magnetization direction of the free layer
     is variable depending upon a magnetic field applied to the free layer. A
     nonmagnetic metal is diffused in at least part of the free layer."
"Provided are a magnetic transducer, a thin film magnetic head and a method
     of manufacturing the same which can improve efficiency of heat
     dissipation.
An MR element functioning as a magnetic transducer including: a nonmagnetic
     metal layer; a free layer formed on one surface of the nonmagnetic metal
     layer; a pinned layer formed on the other surface of the nonmagnetic metal
     layer; and an antiferromagnetic layer formed on a surface of the pinned
     layer, the surface being opposite to a surface in contact with the
     nonmagnetic metal layer. One end face of the free layer, the nonmagnetic
     metal layer, the pinned layer and the antiferromagnetic layer forms a
     medium facing surface forming a surface facing an external magnetic field.
     A tapered surface inclined to the medium facing surface is formed on the
     end face opposite to the medium facing surface of a stack comprising the
     free layer, the nonmagnetic metal layer, the pinned layer and the
     antiferromagnetic layer. A distance between the medium facing surface of
     the antiferromagnetic layer and the opposite face is longer than a
     distance between the medium facing surface of the free layer and the
     opposite face. Thus, a sufficient amount of heat dissipation from the
     antiferromagnetic layer can be ensured. Therefore, heating of the magnetic
     transducer can be prevented."
"A thin-film magnetic head with an MR element, includes an MR film, under
     films each having a multilayer structure with a first under layer and a
     second under layer laminated on the first under layer, and magnetic domain
     control films joined to side end faces of the MR film through the under
     films."
"A magnetoresistive sensor employing a magnetoresistive sensor film of a GMR
     film or a TMR film and a magnetic flux guide to ensure high sensitivity
     and high stability. Magnetization of a magnetic flux guide and a first
     ferromagnetic layer, which is a free layer of a GMR sensor film or a TMR
     sensor film, are made to antiferromagnetically couple to each other via a
     nonmagnetic intermediate layer 21. Since net magnetic moment has become
     small in the area in which the magnetoresistive sensor film is arranged,
     and an angle of magnetization of the ferromagnetic layer rotated by
     magnetic field which has been guided by the magnetic flux guide enlarges,
     high sensitivity can be obtained. When a longitudinal biasing layer is
     provide for the magnetic flux guide, longitudinal biasing magnetic field
     is applied to the ferromagnetic layer as well which is
     antiferromagnetically coupled to the magnetic flux guide, thus being able
     to suppress Barkhausen noise of both the magnetic flux guide and the
     ferromagnetic layer."
"A magnetic transducer (head) according to the invention includes a free
     layer structure comprising two free layers exchange coupled across a thin
     spacer structure of comprising two spacer layers of nonmagnetic material
     separated by a ferromagnetic nano-oxide layer (NOL). The spacer layers
     prevent the NOL from unnecessarily hardening the free layer(s). The spacer
     layers are preferably copper or copper oxide. The spacer layers preserve
     the NOL's property of specular scattering of conduction electrons which
     tends to increase the magnetoresistive response. A free layer structure
     including the exchange coupling spacer structure of the invention can be
     used in a dual spin valve configuration, but is also useful in a single
     spin valve configuration. The free layer of the invention is useful in
     conduction in-plane (CIP), as well as, conduction perpendicular to the
     plane (CPP) devices."
"In a magnetoresistive sensor employing a single stage comparator circuit
     for signal threshold detection, an hysteresis deadband is established
     substantially proportional to signal amplitude. The sensor includes a
     transducer comprising at least one magnetoresistive element and an
     hysteresis circuit also including the at least one magnetoresistive
     element."
"A spin valve thin film magnetic element is provided composed of an
     antiferromagnetic layer; a pinned magnetic layer, formed in contact with
     the antiferromagnetic layer, in which the direction of magnetization is
     pinned by an exchange coupling magnetic field with the antiferromagnetic
     layer; a nonmagnetic conductive layer in contact with the pinned magnetic
     layer; and a free magnetic layer in contact with the nonmagnetic
     conductive layer, wherein the free magnetic layer is composed of a
     nonmagnetic intermediate layer, and the first and second free magnetic
     layers holding the nonmagnetic intermediate layer therebetween; the first
     free magnetic layer and the second free magnetic layer are
     antiferromagnetically coupled to enter the ferrimagnetic state; and a
     resistivity of the first free magnetic layer in the side farther from the
     nonmagnetic intermediate layer is higher than a resistivity of the second
     free magnetic layer in the nonmagnetic intermediate layer side. According
     to the spin valve thin film magnetic element, it is possible to increase
     the detection sensitivity for the external magnetic field, to reduce the
     shunt loss of the sensing current, and to increase the rate of change in
     magnetoresistance."
"A magnetoresistive element includes a first antiferromagnetic film, a first
     magnetic film having a magnetization direction fixed by magnetic coupling
     with the first antiferromagnetic film, a second antiferromagnetic film, a
     second magnetic film having a magnetization direction fixed by magnetic
     coupling with the second antiferromagnetic film, a third magnetic film
     having a magnetization direction able to rotate in response to an applied
     magnetic field, a first nonmagnetic film disposed between the first
     magnetic film and the third magnetic film, and a second nonmagnetic film
     disposed between the second magnetic film and the third magnetic film. The
     third magnetic film is disposed between the first nonmagnetic film and the
     second nonmagnetic film, the first magnetic film is disposed between the
     first antiferromagnetic film and the first nonmagnetic film, and the
     second magnetic film is disposed between the second antiferromagnetic film
     and the second nonmagnetic film."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) device includes a synthetic antiferromagnetic (AFM)
     layer having an Fe/FeSi/Fe construction. A first Fe layer of the synthetic
     AFM layer has a magnetization substantially in a first direction, while a
     second Fe layer of the synthetic AFM layer has a magnetization
     substantially in a second direction that is substantially antiparallel to
     the first direction. The magnetoresistive device can be a spin valve in
     which a first surface of the synthetic AFM layer is adjacent to a pinning
     layer, and a second surface of the synthetic AFM layer is adjacent to a
     spacer layer. Further, the spin valve includes a free layer that overlies
     the spacer, thereby being separated from the synthetic AFM layer by the
     spacer. The pinning layer, synthetic AFM layer, spacer, and free layer can
     be bounded by a first shield and a second shield to provide magnetic
     shielding of the spin valve sensor."
"A magnetoresistive angular sensor (1) is provided which determines a
     magnetic field direction. A high angular accuracy over a wide range of
     magnetic field strengths is obtained. The magnetoresistive angular sensor
     comprises a main sensing element (2) which is electrically connected to a
     first correction sensing element (6) with a first reference magnetization
     axis (9) and a second correction sensing element (8) with a second
     reference magnetization axis (10), the first (9) and the second (10)
     reference magnetization axes making correction angles .THETA. between
     5.degree. and 85.degree. of opposite sign with the main reference axis
     (3)."
"A magnetic head is provided that has a smaller amount of change in
     asymmetry with respect to the MR height, and has an improved resolution
     for a reproduction signal. In a magnetic head including a magnetoresistive
     device as a read device for reading magnetic recording information
     recorded on a magnetic recording medium, the magnetostriction constant of
     a soft magnetic substance forming the magnetoresistive device is 0 or
     below. Since the magnetostriction constant of the magnetoresistive device
     is 0 or below, the amount of change in asymmetry with respect to the MR
     height is reduced. Therefore, even when the MR height is slightly changed,
     the asymmetry does not vary significantly."
"The invention is a magnetoresistive recording head including the reader
     portion that has a top and bottom shield, a first auxiliary electrical
     connection, a second auxiliary electrical connection, a first auxiliary
     electrical contact, and a second auxiliary electrical contact, where the
     first auxiliary electrical connection electrically connects the first
     auxiliary electrical contact to the top shield, and where the second
     auxiliary electrical connection electrically connects the second auxiliary
     electrical contact to the bottom shield. There is also provided a method
     of determining the electrical integrity of a magnetoresistive recording
     head that includes fabricating a magnetoresistive recording head including
     a reader portion having at least one shield, at least one reader contact,
     that is electrically connected to the reader portion, a shield shunt, at
     least one auxiliary electrical connection, and at least one auxiliary
     electrical contact that is electrically connected to at least one of the
     shields, and measuring the integrity of the magnetoresistive recording
     head."
"A reproducing circuit for a MR head is proposed, wherein a MR head is
     interposed between a pair of current source circuits and a feedback
     amplifier is provided for controlling the current of the pair of the
     current source circuits so that a terminal voltage of the MR head becomes
     a predetermined value. Reproduced output from the MR head is derived from
     an amplifier having balanced input terminals for canceling noises and
     ripple components included in a power source."
"Each embodiment (10, 110 and 210) includes a magnetic element (12, 112 and
     212) producing a magnetic field. In the first embodiment (10) of FIG. 1,
     the magnetic element (12) comprises a magnetic bit strip disposed
     extending in a circular arc on a fixed or stationary plate (14). In the
     second embodiment (110) of FIG. 2, the magnetic element (112) comprises a
     magnetic bit strip supported on a movable bar or rod (114). In the third
     embodiment (210) of FIG. 3, the magnetic element (212) comprises a
     magnetic bit strip disposed in a rectilinear path on a stationary plate
     (214). An electrical resistor (16, 116 and 216) is included for changing
     in electrical resistance in response to changes in the magnetic field
     produced by the magnetic element (12, 112 and 212). The resistor (16, 116
     and 216) comprises a giant magnetoresistive sensor. A voltage sensor (18,
     118 and 218) is included for sensing the voltage across the electrical
     resistor (16, 116 and 216), the sensors (18, 118 and 218) being connected
     to the resistors (16, 116 and 216) by electrical lead wires."
"The magnetic and magnetotransport properties of field-aligned single domain
     half-metallic CrO.sub.2 powders have been studied. Needle-shaped
     nanoparticles of CrO.sub.2 have been aligned in a strong magnetic field.
     The aligned powder sample shows a strong anisotropy along the alignment
     direction. The conduction mechanism of the aligned CrO.sub.2 powder sample
     has been examined and is consistent with the intergranular spin dependent
     tunneling. Negative tunneling magnetoresistance (TMR) of about 41% is
     achieved in a small field in the vicinity of the coercive field at 5 K.
     The magnetoresistance (MR) versus field curve shows two well-separated
     narrow peaks at the coercive fields and resembles that of a magnetic
     tunnel junction. This junction-like MR results from the narrow switching
     field distribution of the aligned powders. The results suggest that the
     aligned magnetic CrO.sub.2 particles may find novel applications in spin
     transport structures and devices."
"A method for forming a thin conductive lead layer of high sheet
     conductivity, high hardness, high melting point, high corrosion resistance
     and lacking the propensity for smearing, oozing, electromigration and
     nodule formation. Said lead layer is formed upon the hard magnetic
     longitudinal bias layer of an abutted junction spin-valve type
     magnetoresistive read head and said read head is therefore suitable for
     reading high density recorded disks at high RPM."
"A method of manufacturing a thin-film magnetic head includes the steps of:
     forming a first shield layer and a first portion of a second shield layer
     to be placed in one plane and insulated from each other; forming at least
     part of a thin-film coil on the first portion of the second shield layer
     such that the coil is insulated from the first portion; forming a first
     insulating layer on the first shield layer; forming a magnetoresistive
     element on the first insulating layer; forming a second insulating layer
     on the magnetoresistive element; forming a second portion of the second
     shield layer on the second insulating layer; forming a gap layer on the
     second portion of the second shield layer; and forming a second magnetic
     layer on the gap layer."
"A bottom spin valve sensor employs a seed layer for a nickel oxide (NiO)
     antiferromagnetic pinning layer for the purpose of increasing
     magnetoresistance of the sensor (dR/R). The spin valve sensor can be a
     simple spin valve or an antiparallel (AP) spin valve sensor. In the
     preferred embodiment the seed layer is tantalum oxide Ta.sub.y O.sub.x or
     copper (Cu)."
"On a wafer-like substrate 1, there are formed a number of thin film
     magnetic head elements in matrix, each of which is formed to include a
     first shield film 3 formed on the wafer-like substrate 1, a first
     insulating film 71 formed on the first shield film, a magnetoresistive
     element 9 and first and second electrode films 11, 13 connected to
     respective ends of the magnetoresistive element formed on the first
     insulating film, a second shield film 5 formed to cover the
     magnetoresistive element and first and second electrode films 11, 13, a
     second insulating film 72 formed on the second shield film, and a
     conductive film 191 electrically connected to the first electrode film 11
     and second shield film 5 and having a middle portion which is separated
     from a side edge of the second shield film 5 by a distance .DELTA.G2
     viewed in a film stacking direction. Since the first electrode film 11 and
     second shield film 5 become equipotential, no voltage is applied across
     the first and second insulating films 71, 72 and dielectric breakdown does
     not occur. By cutting the middle portion of the conductive film 191,
     property of the magnetoresistive element can be measured. Since the middle
     portion of the conductive film 191 situates outside the second shield film
     5, a generation of conductive material debris upon cutting can be
     prevented, and a cut surface of the first electrode film 11 and second
     shield film 5 are not short-circuited."
"A magnetic reproducing apparatus has an MR head for each recording surface
     of a recording medium. The apparatus is capable of supplying a proper
     sense current to each MR head even if a control board of the apparatus is
     replaced, thereby improving the durability and reliability of the MR
     heads. Each MR head reads information from a recording surface of a
     recording medium in response to a sense current supplied to the MR head.
     The read information is decoded through a decoder. Whenever a power source
     of the apparatus is turned on, a resistance value of a magnetoresistive
     element of each MR head is measured. The measured resistance value is
     converted into a proper sense current value with the use of a conversion
     table. Based on the proper sense current value, a sense current is
     supplied to the MR head until the power source of the apparatus is turned
     off. As a result, the sense current supplied to the MR head is correct
     even if the control board is replaced."
"A mass data storage device system (70) and method for providing frequency
     compensation within it are disclosed. The system has a moving media (72)
     that contains signals encoded in oriented magnetic domains that are
     detected by a magneto-resistive head (78) positioned in proximity thereto.
     An amplifier stage (100 or 120) is connected to sense the change in the
     electrical characteristic of the head, and capacitors (102-105 or 126-131)
     are operatively connected within the amplifier stage to produce two or
     three poles in a frequency response of the amplifier stage to reduce a
     second order frequency response of the head. Preferably, the poles have
     substantially identical pole locations."
"Magnetoresistive sensors for angle measurements utilizing the effect that a
     sufficiently strong, external magnetic field H rotates the internal
     magnetization M in a parallel direction. The magnetic field strength
     required for full alignment of the internal magnetization is 70 to 100
     kA/m.
A reduction of this high field strength is desirable and may be achieved by
     increasing the tendency of the internal magnetization to change its
     direction. An increase of the tendency of the internal magnetization to
     change its alignment is achieved in accordance with the invention by
     strip-shaped sensor elements of NiFe material having elliptical contours.
A reduction of the magnetic field strength required for a saturation, from
     20 to 30 kA/m is thereby possible."
"A magnetic detection device capable of detecting moving direction of a
     toothed magnetic movement body is provided.
The magnetic detection device comprises a circuit for converting output
     signals of plural magneto-resistance effect elements 21 and 22 located in
     moving direction of toothed magnetic movable body to a ternary signal of a
     high level, a low level 1 and a low level 2, and in which a binary signal
     of the high level and the low level 1 is output when the toothed magnetic
     movement body is rotated in forward direction and a binary signal of the
     high level and the low level 2 is output when the toothed magnetic
     movement body is rotated in reverse direction."
"In a method and device for increasing the efficiency of a gradient coil
     system in a magnetic resonance tomography apparatus to optimally use the
     efficiency of the gradient system, the individually different sensitivity
     of each patient regarding peripheral nerve stimulation (PNS) is determined
     prior to the MR examination by applying a variable electrical field, and
     the corresponding maximum magnetic field is determined by scaling, and the
     MR apparatus is correspondingly adjusted."
"A magnetoresistive device has a first magnetic layer, a nonmagnetic layer,
     and a second magnetic layer, with the nonmagnetic layer being interposed
     between the first and second magnetic layers, the first and second
     magnetic layers having perpendicular magnetic anisotropy. Either the first
     magnetic layer or the second magnetic layer is made of a ferrimagnetic
     that has a compensation point around a room temperature."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read head is disclosed including a shield layer
     with a recessed portion and a protruding portion defined by the recessed
     portion. Also included is an MR sensor located in vertical alignment with
     the protruding portion of the shield layer. Further provided is at least
     one gap layer situated above and below the MR sensor. At least one of such
     gap layers is positioned in the recessed portion of the shield layer. By
     this design, a combined thickness of the gap layers is thinner adjacent to
     the MR sensor and the protruding portion of the shield layer, while being
     thicker adjacent to the recessed portion of the shield layer. As such,
     optimum insulation is provided while maintaining planar gap layer surfaces
     to avoid the detrimental ramifications of reflective notching and the
     swing curve effect."
"A dual spin-valve magnetoresistive thin film element includes a free
     magnetic layer, first and second nonmagnetic electrically conductive
     layers residing below and above the composite free magnetic layer,
     respectively, first and second dual pinned magnetic layers each having
     first and second pinned magnetic layers, and first and second
     antiferromagnetic layers. In the first dual pinned magnetic layer, the
     first pinned magnetic layer of contacts the first antiferromagnetic layer
     and the second pinned magnetic layer contacts the first nonmagnetic
     electrically conductive layer. In the second dual pinned magnetic layer,
     the first pinned magnetic layer of contacts the second antiferromagnetic
     layer and the second pinned magnetic layer contacts the second nonmagnetic
     electrically conductive layer, and the magnetic moment of the first pinned
     magnetic layer is greater than the second pinned magnetic layer."
"An MR/FIR light detector is disclosed herein that has extraordinarily high
     degree of sensitivity and a high speed of response. The detector includes
     an MR/FIR light introducing section (1) for guiding an incident MR/FIR
     light (2), a semiconductor substrate (14) formed with a single-electron
     transistor (14) for controlling electric current passing through a
     semiconductor quantum dot (12) formed therein, and a BOTAI antenna (6, 6a,
     6b, 6c) for concentrating the MW/FIR light (2) into a small special zone
     of sub-micron size occupied by the semiconductor quantum dot (12) in the
     single-electron transistor (14). The quantum dot (12) forming a
     two-dimensional electron system absorbs the electromagnetic wave
     concentrated efficiently, and retains an excitation state created therein
     for 10 nanoseconds or more, thus permitting electrons of as many as one
     millions in number or more to be transferred with respect to a single
     photon absorbed."
"A magnetic polymer composite comprising 60-90% by weight of the polymer,
     10-40% by weight of magneto-resistive alloys and 5-30% by weight of the
     additive prepared by the process by dissolving 60-90% by weight of the
     polymer in a solvent to obtain a clear, colorless solution; adding 10-40%
     by weight of alloy and 5-30% by weight of the additive in the said clear
     color less solution; agitating the said clear, color less solution at a
     frequency of 15-20 kHz for a period of 5-30 minutes, to get equally
     dispersed alloy in the said polymer solution; transferring the said
     polymer solution with equally dispersed said magneto-resistive alloys and
     additive to the open non-metallic container on a magneto-stirrer allowing
     the said solvent to evaporate till the polymer coated transition metal
     based alloys are isolated in the form of cones from the said non-metallic
     container."
"In a maximum likelihood sequence detector for symbol sequences which were
     equalized in a PR4 equalizer, noise prediction means (35) are provided
     including infinite impulse response (IIR) filtering, which have
     noise-whitening capabilities and are imbedded into the maximum likelihood
     detection process. The resulting INPML detector (10) can be implemented in
     digital or analog circuit technology. In addition, a DC-notch filter (44a)
     and a stochastic gradient procedure can be provided for DC offset
     compensation and for MR head or signal asymmetry compensation."
"A magnetoresistive effect head which is easy to manufacture and in which a
     sense current is prevented from bypassing a barrier layer is provided.
     Also provided are a method for manufacturing the head and a magnetic
     recording apparatus utilizing the head. This magnetoresistive effect head
     utilizes an MTJ film which comprises, for forming its basic structure, a
     free layer, a barrier layer, a pinned layer and a pinning layer, wherein
     an oxide or a nitride layer is formed by oxidizing or nitriding metallic
     materials constituting the pinned layer and pinning layer."
"A free layer structure is provided for a spin valve sensor which has a
     nickel iron based layer and a ferromagnetic oxide layer wherein the cobalt
     iron oxide layer permits a thin nickel iron layer to be employed while
     maintaining a desired magnetic softness of the free layer structure and a
     desirable magnetoresistance of a spin valve sensor."
"A CPP geometry spin valve sensor for sensing magnetically recorded
     information on a data storage medium includes an electrically conductive,
     multilevel seed layer that interfacially engages a pinning layer of the
     sensor and increases the sensor's magnetoresistance while maintaining
     acceptable values of free layer coercivity, pinned-free layer magnetic
     coupling and free layer magnetostriction."
"A lapping sensor used in fabrication of a magnetic head with an MR element
     includes a resistor film with a resistance that varies depending upon a
     lapping amount, and a pair of connection pads formed on a element-forming
     surface of the magnetic head and electrically connected to both end
     sections of the resistor film. The pair of connection pads consist of a
     first connection pad and a second connection pad located nearer to a
     lapping surface than the first connection pad. One edge of the first
     connection pad is faced to one edge of the second connection pad and
     inclined toward the lapping surface."
"A method and apparatus for mapping the character and location of small
     surface variations on a planar surface. Energy in the form of pulses is
     supplied to an object in close proximity to the planar surface to thereby
     raise the temperature of the object and at part of the surface. A change
     in temperature of the object is detected when it is in proximity to the
     variation to define the location and character of the variation. By
     supplying the energy in the form of pulses, the size of the thermal
     signature produced in the planar surface is limited wherein a more
     accurate and more sensitive mapping method and apparatus are provided. The
     energy supply may be thermal energy or optical energy but preferably is
     electrical energy which heats a resistive element. Preferably, the object
     is a magnetoresistive head of a disk drive assembly and the surface may be
     that of a magnetic recording material. The change in temperature is
     detected by monitoring the resistance of the magnetoresistive coil of the
     head. It is preferred that the object be positioned with respect to the
     surface so that when that relative motion between the surface and the
     object occurs, the object does not contact the surface."
"The invention provides a magnetic memory device wherein an imbalance
     between variation threshold values for different magnetization directions
     of storage elements thereof such as a displacement of the center of an
     asteroid curve from the origin can be corrected readily without modifying
     the storage elements themselves. The magnetic memory device includes a
     plurality of storage elements of the magnetoresistive type capable of
     storing information making use of a variation of the magnetization
     direction thereof, and a magnetic field application element for applying a
     bias magnetic field to the storage elements."
"A giant magnetoresistive spin valve for use in a magnetic read head
     includes a ferromagnetic free layer and a multilayer cap layer. The free
     layer has a rotatable magnetic moment. The multilayer cap layer is
     positioned adjacent to the free layer for increasing electron specular
     scattering of the free layer."
"A giant magnetoresistance recording head includes a writer having a top
     pole, a shared pole, a conductive coil and a write gap region. The top
     pole includes a first top pole piece and a second top pole piece. The
     second top pole piece is formed at least in part over the first top pole
     piece and is recessed from the air bearing surface. The first top pole
     piece is formed over a top flat surface of the shared pole and is
     separated from the shared pole by the write gap region. The shared pole
     has a recess on the top surface. The recess is placed under the top pole
     and filled with a non-magnetic material. The non-magnetic recess in the
     shared pole defines the throat height of the writer."
"A magnetic recording medium having on a support a non-magnetic layer
     comprising a non-magnetic powder dispersed in a binder resin and on the
     non-magnetic layer a magnetic layer comprising a ferromagnetic powder
     dispersed in a binder resin, wherein the ferromagnetic powder is a
     Hexagonal (system) ferrite magnetic powder having an average tabular
     diameter of 10 to 35 nm and a coercive force (Hc) of 135 to 400 kA/m, and
     besides, the magnetic layer has a coercive force (Hc) of 135 to 440 kA/m,
     an anisotropic magnetic field of at least 358 kA/m and a rotational
     hysteresis loss integral of 0.5 to 0.95. Even when the magnetic recording
     medium is used in combination with an MR head, it can ensure high
     short-wavelength output, high C/N ratio and excellent
     recorded-magnetization stability."
"Provided is a magnetic recording medium suited to magnetic recording and
     reproduction systems employing linear methods and incorporating
     magnetoresistive reproduction heads. The magnetic recording medium
     comprising a magnetic layer for servo signal recording, a nonmagnetic
     layer, and a magnetic layer for information recording in this order on a
     nonmagnetic support, wherein said magnetic layer for information recording
     exhibits a coercivity of at least 7.96 kA/m (100 Oe) higher than a
     coercivity of said magnetic layer for servo signal recording and an
     interface roughness at the interface of said magnetic layer for servo
     signal recording and said nonmagnetic layer ranges from 7 to 12 nm."
"A magnetoresistance effect film includes a substrate, a plurality of
     ferromagnetic particles disposed on the substrate, a nonmagnetic film
     deposited on the substrate and covering the plurality of ferromagnetic
     particles, and a pair of electrodes arranged on the nonmagnetic film, in
     which the resistance across the pair of electrodes is changed by applying
     a magnetic field. The magnetoresistance effect film is manufactured by
     vapor-depositing ferromagnetic particle starting material on a substrate
     at a temperature not exceeding 300.degree. C., the starting material being
     vapor-deposited in an amount enough to cover the substrate surface to a
     thickness ranging from 0.5 to 15 nm, and, after formation of ferromagnetic
     particles on the substrate, vapor-depositing at a temperature not
     exceeding room temperature a nonmagnetic film over the ferromagnetic
     particles, the nonmagnetic film having a thickness ranging from 1 to 100
     nm, and providing a pair of electrodes each at a predetermined position on
     the nonmagnetic film."
"A method of forming a layer of a novel hard, abrasion and corrosion
     resistant, nitrogen-doped, high carbon density, amorphous carbon or
     hydrogenated carbon (C:H) protective overcoat material on a surface of a
     recording medium comprises steps of:
    (a) providing a substrate including a stacked plurality of thin film layers
     thereon constituting the medium;
    (b) forming, by a process comprising generation and deposition of C ions
     having energies of at least about 90 eV, a layer of an amorphous carbon or
     hydrogenated carbon (C:H) material on the at least one surface of the
     substrate, the C:H layer having a high carbon density of at least about
     2.0 gm/cm.sup.3 ; and
    (c) implanting nitrogen (N) ions in a surface portion of the high carbon
     density amorphous carbon or C:H layer to form an N-doped amorphous carbon
     or C:H surface layer having a carbon density substantially equal to said
     high C density of the C:H layer formed in step (b).
Embodiments of the invention include thin-film magnetic and magneto-optical
     recording media including a layer of the novel material as a protective
     overcoat."
"A specular reflecting layer is employed only one side of an AP pinned layer
     since a ruthenium (Ru) spacer layer in the AP pinned layer blocks
     conduction electrons. On the same side of the AP pinned layer a second
     pinned layer may be employed. With this arrangement the specular
     reflection layer reflects conduction electrons for enhancing a giant
     magnetoresistive (GMR) effect."
"A steer-by-wire system uses a semi-active actuator in which a wheel
     steering motor operates vehicle wheels when a steering wheel is rotated.
     The steering system includes: a steering operator unit having a steering
     column with one end vertically connected to the center of the steering
     wheel, a torsion spring connected between the other end of the steering
     column and a vehicle body via jigs mounted to both ends thereof, a
     magneto-rheological brake for providing steering reaction force according
     to the amount of current, and rotation angle sensor coupled with one end
     of the steering column for detecting rotation of the steering wheel, and a
     torque sensor coupled with one end of the steering column for detecting
     torque of the steering wheel; a current regulator for controlling
     resistance force against rotation of the magneto-rheological brake.581 A
     controller is provided for controlling the current regulator according to
     torque data from the torque sensor, and controlling the wheel steering
     motor according to rotational displacement data from the rotation angle
     sensor."
"An apparatus for examining contrast agent movement in the body of a patient
     under the effect of gravity has an MR scanner with a patient support
     system which can be tilted around the longitudinal axis and/or transverse
     center axis for placing the patient in an oblique position within the
     magnet."
"A magnetoresistive element has a ferromagnetic double tunnel junction
     having a stacked structure of a first antiferromagnetic layer/a first
     ferromagnetic layer/a first dielectric layer/a second ferromagnetic
     layer/a second dielectric layer/a third ferromagnetic layer/a second
     antiferromagnetic layer. The second ferromagnetic layer that is a free
     layer consists of a Co-based alloy or a three-layered film of a Co-based
     alloy/a Ni--Fe alloy/a Co-based alloy. A tunnel current is flowed between
     the first ferromagnetic layer and the third ferromagnetic layer."
"A giant magnetoresistance (GMR) sensor is formed using a self organizing
     diblock copolymer as an etching mask. The diblock copolymer is deposited
     over a magnetic layer and is self organized into regions of two discrete
     thicknesses; higher thickness island regions separated by lower thickness
     valley regions. After the diblock layer is self organized, an etching of
     process is performed to remove the polymer material from the valley
     regions as well as the underlying magnetic material. After etching, a
     patterned magnetic thin film of submicron islands of magnetic material,
     preferably having a diameter in the single domain range, remain under the
     mesa region. The islands are interconnected by a non-magnetic, conductive
     layer with electrical contacts coupled thereto to complete the GMR sensor.
     When the sensor is not subjected to a magnetic field, the magnetic
     alignment of the islands is random, and electron scattering results in a
     high resistance state. When the sensor is magnetically saturated, the
     magnetic islands have a common magnetic alignment, resulting in reduced
     sensor resistance."
"An electronic lapping guide (ELG) and method of making are provided for
     precisely lapping a read sensor to a designed air bearing surface (ABS).
     In the method a sensor material layer is formed on a wafer after which a
     portion of the sensor material layer is removed and ELG material is
     deposited therein. This is followed by forming track widths and back edges
     for each of the ELG and the read sensor to be followed by lapping to the
     ABS. Various films are employed for the ELG to minimize magnetoresistance
     and optimize the resistance of the ELG. The resistance of the ELG is then
     sensed by a computer for controlling a lapping tool to lap to the
     aforementioned ABS."
"A magnetoresistance effect device includes: a free layer whose
     magnetization direction is easily rotated by an external magnetic field; a
     non-magnetization layer; and a pinned layer whose magnetization direction
     is not easily rotated by an external magnetic field, the pinned layer
     being provided on a face of the non-magnetization layer which is opposite
     to a face on which the free layer is formed, wherein the pinned layer
     includes: a first non-magnetic film for exchange-coupling; and first and
     second magnetic films which are antiferromagnetically exchange-coupled to
     each other via the first non-magnetic film, and the first non-magnetic
     film includes one of the oxides of Ru, Ir, Rh, and Re."
"A giant magneto-resistive head is provided which includes a novel high
     data-rate stitched pole inductive magnetic write head. The write head
     incorporates a non-magnetic spacer layer and a magnetic pole yoke that is
     recessed from the magnetic pole tip. The spacer layer shortens the throat
     height of the write head, reduces its saturation write current, and
     improves its overwrite and side erasure performance."
"An interconnect circuit for a readout channel front-end for a disk drive is
     disclosed that includes a forward line and a return line. Both the forward
     line and the return line have a first end and a second end. The first end
     of both the forward line and the return line is connectable to a
     magnetoresistive head. The second end of both the forward line and the
     return line is connectable to a single-ended preamplifier. The return line
     is arranged to be disposed between the forward line and a suspension for a
     magnetoresistive head. The forward trace has a first predetermined width
     and the return trace has a second predetermined width that can be the same
     or different from the first predetermined width. When the interconnect
     circuit is in a disk drive, the first end of the forward line is connected
     to a magnetoresistive head, and the second end of the forward line is
     connected to a single-ended preamplifier. Similarly, the first end of the
     return line is connected to the magnetoresistive head, and the second end
     of the return line is connected to the single-ended preamplifier. The
     return line is disposed between the forward line and a suspension for the
     magnetoresistive head. The characteristic impedance of the interconnect
     circuit is selected to be about equal to an input resistance of the
     single-ended preamplifier. Accordingly, the high-frequency roll-off of a
     transfer characteristic of the interconnect circuit is primarily
     determined by a high-frequency skin-effect loss in each of the forward and
     return lines, and the transfer characteristic of the interconnect circuit
     does not exhibit a 1/4 wavelength effect notch."
"A magnetic disk unit includes a housing which accommodates a
     magneto-resistive element and a magnetic disk, a temperature sensor for
     detecting a temperature within the housing, a circuit for detecting a
     resistance value of the magneto-resistive element, and a current control
     unit for controlling a sense current which is supplied to the
     magneto-resistive element, based on the detected temperature detected and
     the detected resistance value."
"A magnetoresistive read/inductive write magnetic head assembly formed on a
     hard electrically insulating substrate and having electrostatic discharge
     protection comprises: a hard electrically insulating substrate, preferably
     formed of sapphire or alumina-TiC; multiple alumina layers formed over the
     substrate; a magnetoresistive read/inductive write head positioned between
     the alumina layers; a silicon layer supported by the substrate; and a
     semiconducting circuit integrated into the silicon layer and
     interconnected with said magnetoresistive read/write inductive write head
     to provide electrostatic discharge protection to the head. The silicon
     layer may be epitaxially grown on the substrate when implemented as
     sapphire, or bonded to the substrate when implemented as alumina-TiC. The
     hard electrically insulating substrate and alumina layers provide the
     assembly with a hard air bearing surface having generally uniform lapping
     and etching characteristics, and excellent durability."
"A novel magnetic read/write system, in which a fixed MR head serves to read
     magnetically recorded data from a magnetic recording medium as it operates
     at a relative speed of 2.0 to 5.0 m/s with respect to the magnetic
     recording medium comprising a non-magnetic support and a magnetic layer. A
     fatty acid ester represented by general formula (I):
     ##STR1##
where R.sup.1 is a hydrocarbon having 4 or less carbons, and R.sup.2 is a
     straight chain hydrocarbon having 12 or more carbons, exists between a
     read element of the MR head and the magnetic layer. This magnetic
     read/write system exhibits improved adherence to heads, running
     durability, and wear resistance of the tape in low temperature conditions
     as well as at room temperature."
"An apparatus and method is disclosed for an enhanced double tunnel junction
     sensor which utilizes an enhancement layer(s) to enhance magnetoresistance
     (MR coefficient) and resonant tunneling. Additionally, a combined
     read/write head and disk drive system is disclosed utilizing the enhanced
     double tunnel junction sensor of the present invention. The enhancement
     layers improve the resonant tunneling and boost the MR coefficient to
     achieve a higher tunnel magnetoresistance (TMR) for the structure with
     applied dc bias. This is accomplished by using enhancement layers that
     create a quantum well between the enhancement layer and the pinned layer,
     which causes resonance, enhancing the tunneling electrons. By doing this,
     the tunneling constraints on the free layer are decoupled, allowing the
     free layer to be made thicker which results in reducing or eliminating
     free layer magnetic saturation caused by an external magnetic source. As
     the enhanced double tunnel junction sensor is positioned over the magnetic
     disk, the external magnetic fields sensed from the rotating disk moves the
     direction of magnetic moment of the free layer up or down, changing the
     resistance through the tunnel junction sensor. As the tunnel current is
     conducted through the tunnel junction sensor, the increase and decrease of
     electron tunneling (i.e., increase and decrease in resistance) are
     manifested as potential changes. These potential changes are then
     processed as readback signals by the processing circuitry of the disk
     drive."
"A magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) cell array device, which may
     be embodied in a resistive cross point memory (RXPtM) device, includes a
     chip (i.e., substrate) on which is formed an array of MRAM cells.
     Preferably, formed on this same chip is a controller effecting a setup
     algorithm for determining a most preferable write current (or currents) to
     be used in writing binary data bits into memory cells of the array while
     preserving data previously written into other memory cells of the array."
"A magnetic tape head assembly is provided along with a method of
     manufacturing a magnetic tape head. The magnetic tape head comprises a
     cluster of thin film inductive or magnetoresistive read/write elements, an
     I-block preferably made of a ceramic material, a U-bar also preferably
     made of a ceramic material, and a base preferably made of a ceramic or
     metal material. The U-bar has a substantially U-shaped form providing a
     recess into which the I-block and the cluster are fixed. A bottom surface
     of the U-bar, I-block, and cluster is fixed to the base to form a slider
     assembly. A top surface of the U-bar, I-block, and cluster is machined or
     etched to form one or more tape bearing surfaces thereon."
"A magnetic storage system is disclosed which has one or more rotating
     disks. In one embodiment, the system includes a first transducer and a
     second transducer operatively associated with a respective first surface
     or second surface. Each of the first and second surfaces has a data track
     with a data region and an embedded servo sector. The first transducer has
     a data reader which includes a first MR strip and a servo reader which
     includes a second MR strip. The first MR strip is electrically isolated
     from the second MR strip. The first transducer performs a servo reading
     operation of the servo sector while the second a transducer performs
     either a data writing operation to the data region or a data reading
     operation from the data region. Also disclosed is a method for reading
     within a magnetic storage system. The storage system includes a first
     magnetic surface, a data reader and a servo reader. The first magnetic
     surface includes a first data region and a first servo sector. The data
     reader is not coupled to the servo reader. Servo information is read with
     the servo reader so that an off-track position of the data reader can be
     determined. After the off-track position is known, the data reader is
     moved to compensate for the off-track position. Once the data reader is
     properly positioned, the data reader retrieves user data from the first
     data region of the first magnetic surface."
"A magnetic recording channel front-end for a magnetic storage system
     includes a magnetoresistive element, an interconnect and a readback
     amplifier. The interconnect, which has a characteristic impedance, couples
     the magnetoresistive element to the readback amplifier. The readback
     amplifier includes a gain stage and an active termination. The gain stage,
     which has an associated impedance, has an input that is connected to the
     interconnect. The active termination is coupled to the input of the gain
     stage, such that an input impedance of the readback amplifier, which is
     formed by a combination of the impedance associated with the gain stage
     and the active termination, is substantially equal to the characteristic
     impedance of the interconnect. Additionally, the gain stage generates a
     first noise signal that has a first magnitude appearing at an output of
     the gain stage. The active termination generates a second noise signal
     that has a second magnitude that also appears at the output of the gain
     stage. The second magnitude is significantly less that the first
     magnitude, thereby the signal-to-noise ratio performance of the magnetic
     recording channel front-end is not adversely affected. When the gain stage
     is a current-sensing gain stage, the active termination provides positive
     feedback from the gain stage to the input of the gain stage. When the gain
     stage is a voltage-sensing gain stage, the active termination provides
     negative feedback from the gain stage to the input of the gain stage."
"Magnetoresistance effect devices for attaining magnetically stability and
     for reducing a switching magnetic field. One of the ferromagnetic layers
     of the magnetoresistance effect device has a plane shape in which a width
     of an end portions is wider than a center portion sandwiched by two end
     portions. The end portions are not symmetrical with respect to an easy
     magnetization axis or longer axis of the plane shape of ferromagnetic
     material layer, but are substantially rotationally symmetrical with a
     center of the plane shape as a pivot. The plane shape may have an S-shape
     where its magnetic domain is stabilized and the switching magnetic field
     is reduced. The magnetoresistance effect devices may be used in a magnetic
     memory apparatus, such as a random access memory, a personal digital
     assistance, a magnetic reproducing head, and a magnetic information
     reproducing apparatus."
"A method for manufacturing a magnetoresistance head of the present
     invention comprises the steps of forming an organic film on a multilayered
     film constituting a magnetoresistance device, forming an upper film formed
     of resist or inorganic film on the organic film, patterning the organic
     film and the upper film, cutting into edges of the organic film patterns
     from edges of the upper film patterns inwardly to such an extent that
     particles of the thin film being formed on the upper film and the
     multilayered film do not contact to side portions of the organic film
     patterns."
"An oxide layer and an antiparallel coupling layer are inserted into a
     ferromagnetic pinned layer to be subjected to heat treatment with
     appropriate ferromagnetic film thickness and magnetization field to form a
     spin-valve film, which is controlled in amount of magnetization and is
     high in magnetoresistance."
"A magnetic recording disk drive with a magnetoresisitive (MR) read head and
     a control unit comprising an operating pressure logic function that is
     responsive to a thermoresistive signal contained in the feedback signal
     from the MR read head. The thermal conductivity of the air inside of the
     hard disk drive is effected by the air pressure. Fluctuation in the
     thermal conductance from the MR read head to its surroundings inside of
     the hard drive affects the temperature of the MR head, thus affecting the
     thermoresistivity of the MR read head. Based on a thermoresistive signal,
     the temperature of the head may be determined, which in turn is applied to
     determine the pressure, based on a predetermined relationship between the
     MR read head temperature, internal pressure, and internal operating
     temperature."
"A magnetic storage medium includes a magnetic storage medium that exhibits
     a magnetic compensation temperature specified higher than room temperature
     to minimize effects of heat generated by a head using magneto-resistance
     effect. In a heat assisted recording and reproduction method using such a
     magnetic storage medium, during reproduction, the S/N ratio in a
     reproduction signal is enhanced by optimizing the bias current applied to
     the head using magneto-resistance effect. A magnetic storage medium and a
     heat assisted recording and reproduction method using such a magnetic
     storage medium whereby information is magnetically recorded and reproduced
     by heating a read-out domain are offered that enables signal reproduction
     with a good S/N ratio despite possible use of a head exhibiting
     magneto-resistance effect."
"A programmable seat back damper assembly for a motor vehicle includes a
     generally horizontal seat cushion portion and a generally upright back
     portion operatively connected to the seat cushion portion. The
     programmable seat back damper assembly includes a recliner for operative
     connection to the seat back portion and the seat cushion portion. The
     programmable seat back damper assembly also includes a damper for
     operative connection to the seat back portion and the seat cushion portion
     and having a magneto-rheological (MR) fluid therein. The programmable seat
     back damper assembly further includes a controller electrically connected
     to the damper to control an apparent viscosity of the MR fluid to increase
     and decrease damping of the damper for adjusting an angle of the seat back
     portion relative to the seat cushion portion."
"Spin valve (SV) and magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) magnetoresistive sensors
     are provided having magnetic layers with improved corrosion resistive
     properties. The SV and MTJ sensors include antiparallel (AP)-pinned layers
     formed of Co--Fe--X, where X is niobium (Nb), hafnium (Hf) or a mixture
     niobium and hafnium (NbHf) and laminated free layers formed of Co--Fe--X
     layers and Ni--Fe--Y layers, where Y is tantalum (Ta) or chromium (Cr).
     The addition of 5 to 10 atomic wt. % of Nb, Hf or NbHf to Co--Fe and 5 to
     10 atomic wt. % Ta or Cr to Ni--Fe improves corrosion resistance by a
     self-passivation effect of the these metals. Addition of these metals to
     the magnetic layers reduces grain size of the layers resulting in
     increased electrical resistance leading to reduced sense current shunting
     and increased deltaR/R."
"A magnetic data storage and retrieval system has a bottom shield, a first
     half gap positioned on the bottom shield, a sensor layer positioned on the
     first half gap, a second half gap positioned on the sensor layer; and a
     top shield positioned on the second half gap. The sensor layer includes a
     magnetoresistive sensor having sidewalls and a barrier surrounding and in
     direct contact with the sidewalls of the magnetoresistive sensor."
"A computer disk drive transducer head having spatially separated read and
     write heads is provided. The transducer head reduces or eliminates servo
     errors during write operations by positioning the read head of the
     transducer away from the write head. This spatial separation prevents the
     disruption of magnetic domains in the read head, and in particular in the
     magnetoresistive element and the shields in the immediate vicinity of the
     magnetoresistive element. The present invention further provides a method
     for reducing servo errors during write operations by spatially separating
     the read and write heads by a distance sufficient to limit the strength of
     a magnetic field produced in the read head during a write operation to no
     greater than the strength of a magnetic field produced in the read head by
     the magnetic disk."
"Uniaxial magnetic anisotropy was found in the Fe/Co/Cu/Co magnetoresistive
     structures deposited on Si (100) substrates. Samples magnetized along an
     easy anisotropy axis showed extremely sharp magnetization and
     magnetoresistance switching at low fields and maximum giant
     magnetoresistance of 9.5% at 5K (5.5% at room temperature) for the samples
     with 5 nm of Fe,5 nm of Co, 2.5 nm of Cu and 2 nm of Co. These results
     were advantageous compared to Co/Cu/Co trilayers grown on Cr/Cu buffer
     which did not exhibit uniaxial anisotropy. Deposition on spinning wafers
     allowed excluding substrate related anisotropy. An existing magnetic field
     in the magnetron sputtering system with the strength of 32 Oe at the
     sample location was found the most probable source of the induced uniaxial
     anisotropy."
"A scanning rheometer is presented for the rheological property measurement
     of electrorheological (ER) and magnetorheological (MR) fluids using a
     non-linear viscoplastic model, based on the fluid height variation with
     respect to time. The rheometer basically includes a static (e.g., an
     overhead reservoir) or a dynamic source of fluid, a channel or slit whose
     sides form electrodes which are in contact with the flowing ER fluid, or a
     capillary tube exposed to a static/alternating magnetic field for flowing
     MR fluids, a transfer tube, either one or two riser tubes, and a column
     level detector for monitoring the column of fluid as it moves in one of
     the riser tubes. The column level detector is coupled to a processor which
     analyzes, among other things, column height vs. time data to determine
     both viscosity and yield stress. The rheometer overcomes one of the major
     drawbacks of the conventional rheometer: the inability to produce the
     yield stress of the ER, or MR, fluid in an absolute zero shear rate range.
     The results with this rheometer are compared with those obtained from a
     commercially-available rheometer which indicates excellent agreement."
"A magnetoresistance effect device of the present invention includes a
     multilayer film. The multilayer film includes an antiferromagnetic film, a
     first ferromagnetic film, a non-magnetic film and a second ferromagnetic
     film, which are provided in this order on a non-magnetic substrate
     directly or via an underlying layer. The antiferromagnetic film comprises
     an .alpha.-Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3 film. A surface roughness of the multilayer
     film is about 0.5 nm or less."
"A magnetic sensor includes a magnetoresistive sensor element and electrical
     contacts coupled to the magnetoresistive element configured to sense a
     response of the magnetoresistive element to a magnetic field. A magnetic
     shield is positioned adjacent the magnetoresistive element and configured
     to shield the magnetoresistive element from stray magnetic fields. The
     shield has a substantially stable magnetic domain pattern. A shield flux
     thief is positioned generally in a plane of the shield and spaced apart
     from the shield by a gap."
"A thin-film magnetic head is constituted by forming a lower shielding
     layer, a read gap layer holding an MR magnetosensitive element, a common
     pole layer, and a write gap layer in order on an insulating substrate,
     forming a first flattening layer, a coil pattern layer, and a second
     flattening layer laminated in order on the write gap layer excluding the
     vicinity of an ABS plane, and forming an upper pole layer on the write gap
     layer and the second flattening layer nearby an ABS plane. A concave
     portion is formed on the common pole layer at a position separated from
     the ABS plane, the concave portion is filled with a nonmagnetic body, and
     the gap depth between the upper pole layer and the common pole layer is
     determined by the concave portion."
"A dual spin-valve magnetoresistive thin film elements includes a composite
     free magnetic layer having first and second free magnetic layers, first
     and second nonmagnetic electrically conductive layers residing below and
     above the composite free magnetic layer, respectively, first and second
     dual pinned magnetic layers each having first and second pinned magnetic
     layers, and first and second antiferromagnetic layers. In the first dual
     pinned magnetic layer, the first pinned magnetic layer of contacts the
     first antiferromagnetic layer and the second pinned magnetic layer
     contacts the first nonmagnetic electrically conductive layer. In the
     second dual pinned magnetic layer, the first pinned magnetic layer of
     contacts the second antiferromagnetic layer and the second pinned magnetic
     layer contacts the second nonmagnetic electrically conductive layer, and
     the magnetic moment of the first pinned magnetic layer is smaller than the
     second pinned magnetic layer. The magnetization of the first and second
     free magnetic layers face in opposite directions."
"The present invention relates generally to MR imaging and, more
     particularly, to a method and apparatus for reconstructing zoom MR images.
     An RF coil assembly having a number of detection elements is provided. The
     RF coil assembly is designed such that the number of detection elements
     that may be used to acquire imaging data may exceed the number of data
     acquisition channels of the MR system. Accordingly, the detection elements
     may be grouped into a number of sets wherein each set transmits acquired
     data to a specific data acquisition channel to acquire data of a larger
     region-of-interest (ROI) or, alternately, only one set of detection
     elements corresponding to a smaller ROI may be activated wherein each
     detection element of the set transmits data to a data acquisition channel.
     As a result, a zoom image may be reconstructed."
"A magnetic recording system includes an in-plane magnetic recording medium
     having a magnetic layer fabricated on a single underlayer or on a
     plurality of underlayers respectively fabricated on a substrate; a driver
     unit for driving the in-plane magnetic recording medium in a write
     direction; a magnetic head having a read unit and a write unit; a unit for
     moving the magnetic head relative to the in-plane magnetic recording
     medium; and a read/write signal processing unit for reading an output
     signal from the magnetic head and writing an input signal to the magnetic
     recording media, wherein the read unit of the magnetic head is a
     magnetoresistive head and the single underlayer or at least one of the
     plurality of underlayers is made of Co-containing amorphous material or
     fine crystal material, or is made of alloy material, the alloy material
     having as the main components at least one element selected from a group
     consisting of Cr, Mo, V and Ta and containing at least one element
     selected from a group consisting of B, C, P and Bi. The magnetic recording
     system can be realized which can read and write high density information
     and have high reliability."
"The present invention provides a hydrogen sensor including a thin film
     sensor element formed by metal organic chemical vapor deposition (MOCVD)
     or physical vapor deposition (PVD), on a micro-hotplate structure. The
     thin film sensor element includes a film of a hydrogen-interactive metal
     film that reversibly interacts with hydrogen to provide a correspondingly
     altered response characteristic, such as optical transmissivity,
     electrical conductance, electrical resistance, electrical capacitance,
     magneto resistance, photoconductivity, etc., relative to the response
     characteristic of the film in the absence of hydrogen. The
     hydrogen-interactive metal film may be overcoated with a thin film
     hydrogen-permeable barrier layer to protect the hydrogen-interactive film
     from deleterious interaction with non-hydrogen species. The hydrogen
     permeable barrier may comprise species to scavenge oxygen and other like
     species. The hydrogen sensor of the invention may be usefully employed for
     the detection of hydrogen in an environment susceptible to the incursion
     or generation of hydrogen and may be conveniently configured as a
     hand-held apparatus."
"A method of making a multifilm structure is provided for a pinned layer
     structure of a spin valve sensor for increasing the magnetoresistive
     coefficient (dr/R) of the sensor and/or decreasing a ferromagnetic
     coupling field (H.sub.F) between the pinned layer structure and the free
     layer of the sensor. The multifilm structure for the pinned layer in one
     or both AP layers of an AP pinned layer structure or a single pinned layer
     structure includes a nickel iron (NiFe) middle layer which is located
     between a cobalt (Co) first film and a cobalt (Co) second film."
"A multi-layered memory cell is described having a plurality of magnetic
     layers, each of the magnetic layers being for magnetically storing one bit
     of information. A plurality of access lines are integrated with the
     plurality of magnetic layers and configured such that the bits of
     information stored in each of selected ones of the magnetic layers may be
     independently accessed using selected ones of the plurality of access
     lines and the giant magnetoresistive effect. The memory cell further
     includes at least one keeper layer. The magnetic layers, the access lines,
     and the at least one keeper layer form a substantially closed flux
     structure."
"A thin-film magnetic head provided with a magnetoresistive thin-film
     element includes a laminate including an antiferromagnetic layer, a pinned
     magnetic layer, a nonmagnetic conductive layer, and a free magnetic layer.
     At both sides of the laminate, soft magnetic layers, secondary
     antiferromagnetic layers, and conductive layers are formed. The
     antiferromagnetic layer generates a unidirectional exchange coupling by
     heat treatment to fix the magnetization of the pinned magnetic layer, and
     the secondary antiferromagnetic layers generate a unidirectional exchange
     coupling as deposited without heat treatment."
"The present invention provides a magnetoresistive element in which
     discontinuity at a barrier layer interface is provided by utilizing a
     layered-perovskite oxide, and a device in which the foregoing
     magnetoresistive element is used. The element of the present invention
     includes a layered-perovskite oxide having a composition expressed by a
     formula L.sub.2 (A.sub.1-z R.sub.z).sub.2 A.sub.n-1 M.sub.n O.sub.3n+3+x
     and including a (L-O).sub.2 layer in its crystalline structure, and a pair
     of ferromagnetic bodies formed in contact with the layer perovskite oxide
     so as to sandwich the oxide. In response to bias application via the
     (L-O).sub.2 layer, a magnetoresistive tunnel effect appears. In the
     foregoing formula, A represents at least one alkaline earth element
     selected from the group consisting of Ca, Sr, and Ba, L represents at
     least one element selected from the group consisting of Bi, Tl, and Pb, M
     represents at least one element selected from the group consisting of Ti,
     V, Cu, Ru, Ni, Mn, Co, Fe, and Cr, R represents a rare earth element, n is
     1, 2, or 3, and x and z are numerical values satisfying
     -1.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.1, and 0.ltoreq.z&lt;1, respectively."
"The overvoltage applied on a head during switching of the head is
     prevented. At the time when the head switching signal changes, a switch S4
     for turning on/off an operational amplifier Gm1 is turned off, and the
     operational amplifier Gm1 is turned off. Simultaneously, the switch S3 is
     turned on, the current source I1 is connected to a capacitor C1, and the
     capacitor C1 is discharged. Then, switches S1 and S2 for switching the MR
     head are switched. Finally, the switch S3 is turned off and the switch S4
     is turned on, thus the switching of the MR head is finished."
"An improved sampled amplitude read/write channel is provided. The system is
     an integrated Generalized Partial Response Maximum Likelihood (GPRML) read
     channel incorporating Read, Write, and Servo modes of operation. One
     implementation includes a 32/34 rate parity code and matched Viterbi
     detector, a 32 state Viterbi detector optimal parity processor, robust
     frame synchronization, self-adaptive equalization, thermal asperity
     detection and compensation, adaptive magneto-resistive asymmetry
     compensation, low latency interpolated timing recovery and programmable
     write precompensation."
"The invention includes a method and apparatus repairing read heads of a
     merged magnetoresistive read-write head without the use of external
     magnets nor the exclusive use of read bias current to heat the read head."
"A vehicle interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a housing adapted for
     releasable mounting to a receiving structure on the interior surface of
     the windshield of a vehicle. A plurality of accessories preferably is
     included in the housing, with at least one of the plurality of accessories
     being adapted for viewing through the windshield of the vehicle to which
     the housing is mounted. Preferably, a rain sensor is included in the
     housing. A rearview mirror attaches to the housing by a pivot joint, the
     rearview mirror being pivotally adjustable about the housing and the
     housing remaining fixedly mounted to the interior surface of the
     windshield of the vehicle while the rearview mirror is being adjusted.
     Preferably, electrical wiring passes through the pivot joint. Preferably,
     an electro-optic mirror is included in the rearview mirror. Various
     electrical components can be housed in the housing that attaches to the
     windshield. For example, a compass sensor selected from one of a
     magneto-resistive sensor, a magneto-inductive sensor, a magneto-capacitive
     sensor and a flux-gate sensor can be included."
"A magnetoresistive device comprises a magnetoresistive element, two bias
     field applying layers that apply a longitudinal bias magnetic field to the
     magnetoresistive element, and two electrode layers that are located
     adjacent to one of the surfaces of each of the bias field applying layers
     and overlap one of the surfaces of the magnetoresistive element. The
     magnetoresistive element incorporates a protection layer located on a soft
     magnetic layer. A sacrificial coating layer is formed on the protection
     layer. Before forming the electrode layers, the coating layer and an oxide
     layer, formed through natural-oxidizing part of the top surface of the
     coating layer, are removed through etching. After the electrode layers are
     formed, the portion of the protection layer located in the region between
     the two electrode layers is oxidized, and a high resistance layer is
     thereby formed."
"A production method for a spin-valve type magnetoresistive element
     comprising laminating an antiferromagnetic layer, a pinned magnetic layer,
     a non-magnetic electrically conductive layer, a free magnetic layer, and a
     second antiferromagnetic layer. The second antiferromagnetic layer is
     located on the free magnetic layer and orients the magnetization direction
     of the free magnetic layer. In this method, a first thermal treatment is
     performed at a first temperature of ordering a crystal structure of the
     first antiferromagnetic layer or at a second temperature lower than a
     second blocking temperature of the second antiferromagnetic layer. After
     the first thermal treatment, a second thermal treatment is performed at a
     third temperature lower than a first blocking temperature of the first
     antiferromagnetic layer but higher than said second blocking temperature
     of the second antiferromagnetic layer."
"A magneto-resistive memory is disclosed that includes a high-speed sense
     amplifier, that can reliably operate at low signal levels. The sense
     amplifier includes offset cancellation to reduce or eliminate the internal
     offsets of the amplifier. The offset cancellation is controlled by one or
     more switches, which during operation, selectively enable the offset
     cancellation of the amplifier and store the offsets in one or more
     coupling capacitors."
"A magnetic memory device includes a plurality of magnetoresistive elements
     arranged on a first plane in a matrix form, a plurality of first writing
     lines which are arranged on a second plane different from the first plane
     adjacent to the magnetoresistive elements, a first address decoder which
     selects a desired one from the plurality of first writing lines, a
     plurality of second writing lines crossing the plurality of first writing
     lines on a third plane different from the second plane and having parts
     adjacent to the plurality of magnetoresistive elements on the second plane
     and parallel to the plurality of first writing lines, and a second address
     decoder which selects a desired one from the plurality of second writing
     lines."
"A method for forming an anisotropic magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element,
     and the anisotropic magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element formed in accord
     with the method. In accord with the method, there is first provided a
     substrate. There is then formed over the substrate a seed layer formed of
     a magnetoresistive (MR) resistivity sensitivity enhancing material
     selected from the group consisting or nickel-chromium alloys and
     nickel-iron-chromium alloys. There is then formed over the seed layer a
     nickel oxide material layer. Finally, there is then formed over the nickel
     oxide material layer a magnetoresistive (MR) layer. The method
     contemplates the anisotropic magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element formed
     in accord with the method. The nickel oxide material layer provides the
     anisotropic magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element with an enhanced
     magnetoresistive (MR) resistivity sensitivity."
"A method and apparatus for using control apparatuses and read/write
     apparatuses within a disc drive to create a microtrack that is used to
     probe the magnetic sensitivity of each portion of a magnetic stripe of a
     magneto-resistive read/write head in the disc drive. The method can be
     executed by first selecting a target track and then recording a test
     signal along the target track. Next, the target track is trimmed to create
     a microtrack, the microtrack having a microtrack width less than the
     stripe width, the microtrack having a first circumferential edge and a
     second circumferential edge. Subsequently, the magneto-resistive stripe is
     positioned at various radial locales traversing the microtrack, and at
     each locale the magneto-resistive stripe is used to read the test signal
     recorded on the microtrack, thereby producing a detected signal at each of
     the various locales. Finally, a signal-strength profile is determined."
"A memory cell section includes a first wiring which is extended in a first
     direction, and a second wiring which is extended in a second direction
     different from the first direction, and a third wiring which is disposed
     between the first and second wirings, and a first magneto resistive effect
     element which is disposed at an intersection of the first and second
     wirings between the first and second wirings, and is connected to the
     second and third wirings. Further, a peripheral circuit section includes a
     fourth wiring, and a fifth wiring which is disposed above the fourth
     wiring, and a second magneto resistive effect element which is disposed
     between the fourth and fifth wirings and is connected to the fourth and
     fifth wirings to be used as a resistive element."
"A magnetic sensor utilizing a spin tunnel magneto-resistance effect (TMR),
     comprising a tunnel insulating film, a first magnetic layer formed on one
     of the planes of the tunnel insulating film, a second magnetic layer
     formed on the other plane of the tunnel insulating film, a third magnetic
     layer containing an anti-ferromagnetic substance for fixing magnetization
     of the second magnetic layer, a second insulating film formed on at least
     one of the first and third magnetic layers and having an opening in a
     predetermined region, a first electrode electrically connected to one of
     the first and third magnetic layers only in the opening of the second
     insulating film, and a second electrode for causing a current to flow
     between the first electrode and itself through at least the first and
     second magnetic layers and the first insulating layer."
"An enhanced silicon and ceramic magnetoresistive read/write head and method
     for making the same is disclosed. The present invention provides reliable
     chemical mechanical polish etch stop by etching deep trenches into the
     silicon at the surrounding edges of the magnetic write and read device and
     filling it with a refractory metal (e.g. tungsten) so that the silicon
     wafer thickness will not significantly add to the length of the ABS nor to
     the gram load of the slider. An imbedded deformable pad will allow these
     bonded heads to have a high average fly height and reduce to near contact
     recording when reading and writing through an applied potential across a
     deformable pad in the silicon. The epoxy bond of the silicon to the
     ceramic slider consists of polymethyl methracrylate (PMMA) which can be
     spun on a wafer or a row of wafers with nanometer thickness repeatability
     and using low temperatures, i.e., &lt;200.degree. C."
"A magneto-resistive asymmetry compensation system includes a linearizer
     (61) interposed in a data path and a control loop (63). The control loop
     uses signal estimates from an interpolated timing response unit (25) to
     derive a magneto-resistive asymmetry error. The error term is used to
     obtain a control scaling input to the linearizer. The linearizer functions
     to multiply the scaling multiple to the square of the input signal and
     then add it back to the input signal."
"An improved magnetorheological (MR) fluid fan drive design is disclosed. A
     critical area in the design of such fan drives is the gap for MR fluid
     between the rotor ring and the corresponding structure of the stator. The
     stator member must confine the MR fluid in the gap and the applied
     magnetic field for the fluid and the field coil close to it. In this
     disclosure a ferrous alloy stator insert is made as one piece and cast
     within a larger aluminum alloy stator body. A slot for the rotor ring is
     cut through stator insert separating it into two pieces that remain
     supported by the aluminum body. The magnetically permeable insert pieces
     confine the fluid and the magnetic field at the fluid gap around the
     rotor, and one of the stator insert pieces supports the field coil next to
     the gap."
"A method and apparatus for producing an image from an extended volume of
     interest using a Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) system are provided. The
     apparatus comprises a magnet assembly, a gradient coil assembly, at least
     one radiofrequency coil, a positioning device for translating the volume
     using along an axis of the MRI system and a plurality of receivers. A
     plurality of MR signals are detected from the radiofrequency (RF) coil, as
     the positioning device is translated, and are sent to the plurality of
     receivers. Each of the receivers are configured to be adjusted in either
     phase or frequency in response to the positioning device being translated.
     A plurality of respective sub-images are computed corresponding to the
     plurality of MR signals for each of the receivers and for the given
     field-of-view (FOV) at each of the incremented positions. A composite
     image of the volume of interest is formed by combining the respective
     sub-images."
"The present invention provides a method for standardizing MR image
     intensity scales by the use of post-processing intensity transformation
     techniques applied to routinely acquired images. The method requires
     neither specialized acquisition protocols, nor calibration phantoms. The
     standardizing method offers previously unattainable consistency of
     intensity meaning of tissues by devising a transformation that is specific
     to a given MRI protocol and/or for any body region to provide standardized
     images. Essentially, the histogram of a given volume image is deformed to
     match a ""standard"" histogram for the corresponding MRI protocol and
     body-region, thereby minimizing or eliminating the human interaction
     required in the per-case manual window adjustments needed to visualize MR
     images at physician viewing stations. The method offers significantly more
     consistent tissue meaning for MR image intensities than the images before
     standardization. Also provided are MR images having standardized intensity
     scales."
"The invention relates to a magnetoresistive device comprising: a bottom
     shield; a top shield; an AMR/GMR device; a first insulating gap layer
     between said bottom shield and said AMR/GMR; a second insulating gap layer
     between said AMR/GMR and said top shield; and conductive layer contacting
     electrically both said AMR.GMR device to siaid bottom shield. Furthermore,
     similar active devices free of electric-pop noise also be disclosed."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) head device is used as the read head of a disk
     drive. The magnetoresistive head device is provided with a
     magnetoresistive layer and conductors. The magnetoresistive layer changes
     in magnetization direction in response to a recording magnetic field on a
     disk. The conductors serve as electrodes and used for supplying a sense
     current to the magnetoresistive layer. The conductors have joint portions
     that are in contact with the magnetoresistive layer. The joint portions
     have substantially the same height (thickness) as the magnetoresistive
     layer, if it is measured from the disk surface. With this structure, a
     sense current supplied from one of the conductors flows through the
     magnetoresistive layer in a uniform direction. Hence, the magnetization
     direction is constant throughout the magnetoresistive layer."
"An aspect of the invention can be regarded as a disk drive that includes a
     disk drive base and a magnetic disk. The disk drive further includes a
     rotary actuator coupled to the disk drive base. The rotary actuator has an
     MR read element disposed adjacent the magnetic disk. The MR read element
     has a bias voltage. The disk drive further includes a rotatable spindle
     motor hub for rotating the magnetic disk positioned on the spindle motor
     hub. The spindle motor hub is in electrical communication with the
     magnetic disk. The spindle motor hub is mechanically coupled to and
     electrically insulated from the disk drive base. The disk drive further
     includes a circuit for applying a voltage equivalent to the bias voltage
     to the spindle motor hub such that a voltage potential between the MR read
     element and the magnetic disk is mitigated."
"The manufacturer of hard disk drives (HDD) simultaneously activates all
     write heads to format the magnetoresistive disks during an operation known
     in the industry as ""servo bank write"". To reduce bit error rates resulting
     from coupling between the write heads and the read heads during the servo
     bank write operation, the invention herein provides a relatively small
     amount of bias current to each read head when all the write heads are
     activated. The small bias current raises the dc bias level on the reader
     portion of the magnetoresistive head and effectively eliminates negative
     spikes resulting from the coupling."
"A plane magnetic sensor or a plane magnetic sensor for a multidimensional
     magnetic field analysis which can measure a magnetic field ever a wide
     area in a short time is provided. A plane magnetic sensor 10 according to
     the present invention comprises a sensing layer 11 made of a
     magnetoresistance effect film formed in a planar state with an arbitrary
     size, to pass a current therethrough due to a tunneling effect only when
     voltage reaches or exceeds a predetermined value, and to change its
     resistance value to show a giant magnetoresistance effect when directions
     of magnetization of magnetic fine particles change according to the
     strength of a magnetic field, and conductor layers 12, 13 laminated on
     respective surfaces of the magnetoresistance effect film and are made of a
     plurality of line conductor films 12a, 13a formed in linear shapes along
     directions of the respective surfaces with predetermined intervals
     therebetween. The line conductor films 12a of one conductor layer 12 and
     the line conductor films 13a of the other conductor layer 13 are arranged
     to intersect to each other in plan view, with the magnetoresistance effect
     film therebetween."
"A Barkhausen probe includes a magnetizing field generator, a
     magnetoresistive magnetic field sensor, a direct current power supply for
     biasing the magnetoresistive magnetic field sensor and signal conditioning
     electronics. The Barkhausen probe is capable of generating and sensing the
     Barkhausen noise emanating from the surface of a cyclic magnetized
     specimen. The conditioned Barkhausen noise output of the signal
     conditioning electronics is usable as input to various analysis systems
     where textural analysis of the material can be performed."
"Provided is a magnetic recording medium suitable for high density digital
     recording, in detail, a magnetic recording medium suitable for
     reproduction with an MR head. A magnetic recording medium comprising a
     nonmagnetic layer comprising a nonmagnetic powder and a binder and a
     magnetic layer comprising a ferromagnetic metal powder, a binder and a
     nonmagnetic powder provided in this order on a flexible nonmagnetic
     support. Said magnetic layer has an average thickness ranging from 0.01 to
     0.2 .mu.m, said ferromagnetic metal powder has a mean major axis length of
     less than 100 nm and a mean minor axis length of less than 20 nm, said
     nonmagnetic powder comprised in the magnetic layer is a granular or
     acicular nonmagnetic powder, the ratio of the mean particle size or minor
     axis length of said nonmagnetic powder to said mean minor axis length is
     higher than 0.2 and equal to or less than 2.5, and the maximum surface
     area of magnetic pinholes is equal to or less than 50% of a bit surface
     area."
"A debit card read/write controller. The controller comprises a
     microcontroller device, a read only memory, a dynamically random access
     memory and a read/write head for reading and writing onto a magnetic card
     media contained on a magnetic striped card. The microcontroller device
     includes an input capture port for storing data read from the card, and
     wherein the microcontroller device continually poles the input capture
     port for an event to occur. The entire read/write system can be integrated
     into one single chip. The steps for processing the signal, processing the
     signal, and writing to the stripes have also been disclosed. The steps
     generally include inserting the card into a card reader operatively
     associated with the MR read head and passing manually the stripe
     underneath the MR read head, and wherein the information on the magnetic
     card media is stored in the form of a plurality of magnetic flux
     reversals. Next, the magnetic flux reversal is detected by the MR head as
     the stripe moves under the MR head, an analog signal is generated,
     conditioned, amplified and converted to a square wave. The input capture
     port polls the microcontroller for a flux reversal contained on the stripe
     to occur, and thereafter stores the timing value in memory. The stored
     timing is converted to timing pulse width associated with zero/one, read
     from the magnetic stripe. The information is converted to the designated
     characters according to the ISO/IEC CD 7811. The security and
     authentication of the data can be checked. For the read/write process in
     manual mode, the write head and read head is placed 2 to 3 bits distance
     apart."
"In separately excited DC brush motors ML and MR, an armature current
     control circuit for feeding power to armatures 61 and a field current
     control circuit for feeding power to a field system 62 form separate
     systems and are independently controllable except that both the control
     circuits share a battery B2 between them. When the overrotation of the
     motors ML and MR is detected from the backflow of an armature current and
     a rise in the voltage of the battery B2 or when the reverse rotation of
     the motors ML and MR is detected from an increase in the armature current
     and a decrease in PWM for the armature current, the generation of counter
     electromotive force is restrained by reducing the field current of the
     motors ML and MR so as to prevent the armature current control circuit
     from being damaged."
"A magnetoresistive (GMR) sensor includes a substrate and a first trilayer
     disposed on the substrate. A first spacer layer is disposed on the first
     trilayer. A first magnetic layer is disposed on the first spacer. A second
     spacer layer is disposed on the first magnetic layer. A second magnetic
     layer is disposed on the second spacer layer. A third spacer layer is
     disposed on the second magnetic layer. A second trilayer is disposed on
     the third spacer layer and a cap layer is disposed on the second trilayer.
     The first and second trilayers include, a first ferromagnetic layer, a
     second ferromagnetic layer and an anti-parallel coupling layer disposed
     between and in contact with the first and second ferromagnetic layers."
"A portable card reader designed to be carried in a wallet or purse has an
     electromagnetic head that reads information from a magnetic strip of a
     card or information is read from the card by an array of Hall sensors. In
     a further embodiment, the card reader uses a magnetic sensor based on
     magnetoresistive sensing of magnetic transitions of a magnetic stripe,
     suitable for use with small, portable electronic devices. In each
     embodiment, the information read from the card may be converted to a
     sequence of electronic bursts of predetermined frequency, preferably in
     the audible or ultrasound range. The sound signals are output by a speaker
     to the microphone of a telephone. The signal is then transmitted over the
     telephone lines to a remote receiver. The receiver then converts the sound
     bursts into signal pulses, which can be read using the computer software
     of a conventional card reader."
"A circuit configuration for controlling write operations and read
     operations in an MRAM memory configuration includes selection transistors
     grouped in sections of equal numbers of the selection transistors. The
     selection transistors of each of the sections are jointly connected, at
     the ends of the bit lines, to a respective interacting pair of read/write
     amplifiers via those electrode terminals of the selection transistors that
     are not connected to the bit lines. The read/write amplifiers are
     controlled such that if a write signal is fed thereto, write currents for
     writing a logic ""1"" or ""0"" flow in a first direction or a second direction
     in all of the bit lines selected by a corresponding column select signal
     and, if a read signal is fed in, a logic state stored in one of the
     magnetoresistive memory cells can be read out."
"The magnetoresistive element has a first ferromagnetic element, a
     nonmagnetic layer element, and a second ferromagnetic layer element
     arranged in such a way that the nonmagnetic layer element is disposed
     between the first ferromagnetic layer element and the second ferromagnetic
     layer element. The first ferromagnetic layer element and the second
     ferromagnetic layer element are formed of substantially the same material,
     but they differ in their extent parallel to the interface to the
     nonmagnetic layer element in that they have different measurements in at
     least one dimension. The magnetoresistive element is suitable both as a
     sensor element and as a memory element in a memory cell configuration."
"A variable width flat tape head for bi-directional contact recording and
     method for making the same has significant advantages over both
     traditional contoured tape heads and single width flat heads for contact
     recording applications. The variable width head and process disclosed
     herein allows for greater ease of manufacturing, efficient layout of the
     devices on thin film wafers and provides a significant cost reduction in
     the production of the head compared to traditionally contoured tape heads.
     In addition, the present invention reduces unnecessary surface area where
     the tape contacts the head, thus reducing tape wear and damage that is
     present in single width flat heads (where the tape is in contact uniformly
     across the tape width), thereby providing a concomitant improvement in
     tape wear and life. In addition, the head of the present invention is
     simpler and less costly to manufacture than comparable devices with
     distinct advantages to the magnetoresistive (""MR"") read element stripe
     height control process, device alignment and assembly processes,
     particularly with respect to traditionally contoured tape heads, which
     require more complex and expensive manufacturing operations to form the
     tape head profile."
"A thin film magnetic field sensor with perpendicular axis sensitivity uses
     either a giant magnetoresistance material element or a spin tunnel
     junction element. The sensor element has ferromagnetic layers which have
     strongly different uniaxial anisotropies and/or a modified magnetization
     curve, achieved by antiferromagnetic exchange coupling with an auxiliary
     ferromagnetic layer. A strongly miniaturizable sensor has four spin tunnel
     junction elements connected to form a Wheatstone bridge. The magnetically
     sensitive element functions equally as well as a laminated flux
     concentrator, resulting in a low noise single domain configuration. The
     very simple design also allows easy definition of the fixed magnetization
     direction of a counter electrode. Very high output voltage combined with
     very low power is achieved."
"Magnetoresistive sensor (1) for measuring relative displacements of
     construction parts (2, 3). A magnetoresistive element (4) is formed on a
     surface (7) of a substrate (8). A magnet system (5) generates a magnetic
     field (13) having a component (14) directed parallel to the substrate
     surface at the area of the magnetoresistive element. Upon the relative
     displacement of the construction parts, this field component extends at
     different angles .alpha. to the magnetoresistive element and is so large
     that the magnetoresistive element is always magnetically saturated during
     the displacement. Upon a relative displacement of the construction parts,
     the magnetoresistive element describes a path (20, 21) with respect to the
     magnet system. The sensor is suitable for measuring rotations through
     angles up to 360.degree. and for measuring large translations."
"This patent application is a continuation-in-part of the patent application
     of the present authors related to target volume ablation in the body using
     a cooled-tip tissue-heating probe such as a fluid cooled (perfusion
     cooled) high frequency electrode. The present application relates in part
     to examples of specific embodiments of high frequency and radiofrequency
     electrode designs and heating and cooling system designs. It further
     describes embodiments in conjunction with 3-D or 2-D image data and
     computer graphic workstions to control, monitor, and pre-plan the process
     of target ablation. Specific examples of cooled-tip electrode
     constructions will be given which have utility for percutaneous or
     intraoperative cancerous tumor ablation. Cooled tip electrode systems with
     modular or separable components involving an insertion cannula, a
     radiofrequency electrode element, a cooling element, and a
     thermo-monitoring and/or radiofrequency connection electrode will be
     given. A high frequency and cooling system which is controlled and
     regulated based on the ""thermally clamped tip"" concept together with
     control of power, current, or other high frequency power parameters to
     pre-plan and control lesion size will be shown. Pre- or contemporaneous
     monitoring methods using CT, MR, ultrasound, and acoustic imaging or
     monitoring modalities in conjugation with the cooled tip high frequency
     ablation system will be exemplified. Variations in electrode design for
     specific target sites in the body will be described and illustrated."
"A method of magnetic resonance investigation of a sample by (i) reacting
     ortho-deuterium enriched hydrogen with a hydrogenatable MR imaging agent
     precursor to produce a hydrogenated (i.e. deuterated) MR imaging agent;
     (ii) optionally, subjecting the hydrogenated MR imaging agent to a low
     magnetic field;(iii) administering the hydrogenated MR imaging agent to
     the sample; (iv) exposing the sample to radiation of a frequency selected
     to excite nuclear spin transitions of selected non-zero nuclear spin
     nuclei in said hydrogenated MR imaging agent; (v) detecting magnetic
     resonance signals of the selected non-zero nuclear spin nuclei from the
     sample; and (vi) optionally, generating an image or biological functional
     data or dynamic flow data from the detected signals."
"The invention provides a method of magnetic resonance investigation of a
     sample, said method comprising: (i) reacting para-hydrogen enriched
     hydrogen with a hydrogenatable MR imaging agent precursor containing a
     non-hydrogen non-zero nuclear spin nucleus to produce a hydrogenated MR
     imaging agent; (ii) administering said hydrogenated MR imaging agent to
     said sample; (iii) exposing said sample to radiation of a frequency
     selected to excite nuclear spin transitions of said non-zero nuclear spin
     nucleus in said hydrogenated MR imaging agent; (v) detecting magnetic
     resonance signals of said non-zero nuclear spin nucleus from said sample;
     and (vi) optionally, generating an image or biological functional data or
     dynamic flow data from said detected signals."
"A magnetoresistive thin film head comprises a magnetoresistive element
     including an antiferromagnetic layer, a pinning layer, a nonmagnetic
     conductive layer and a free magnetic layer, and a pair of the right and
     the left laminated transverse biasing layers, each including a nonmagnetic
     layer, a ferromagnetic layer and an antiferromagnetic layer, provided on
     the free magnetic layer constituting said magnetoresistive element. The
     layer thickness of said nonmagnetic layer has been established to a
     certain specific value so that magnetizing direction in said free magnetic
     layer opposing to the ferromagnetic layer via said nonmagnetic layer
     assumes a direction that is opposite to that of said ferromagnetic layer."
"A magnetic tunnel junction is made up of two ferromagnetic layers, one of
     which has its magnetic moment fixed and the other of which has its
     magnetic moment free to rotate, an insulating tunneling barrier layer
     between the ferromagnetic layers for permitting tunneling current
     perpendicularly through the layers. The insulating barrier is preferably
     formed by the oxidation of a thin metallic alloy layer of particular
     materials which lead to a nonmagnetic barrier having a relatively low
     barrier height. These low barrier height insulating materials allow for
     the formation of a magnetic tunnel junction with a relatively thick
     barrier while maintaining a low resistance that is suitable, for example,
     in magnetoresistance read head applications."
"A magnetic head using a mechanical switch and an electrostatic discharge
     device network is disclosed. A mechanical switch is in series and parallel
     configuration with a silicon electrostatic discharge network. The
     electrostatic discharge network can be controlled in an on or off state
     for testing, evaluation or diagnostics of the armature or MR head."
"A process of run-time temperature compensating bias current to a
     magnetoresistive read head in which a plurality of temperature ranges are
     defined with associated bias current values. A hysteresis range of
     temperatures is defined for each boundary between temperature ranges. A
     bias current value is selected based on the temperature range of the
     sensed temperature. The process is repeated. If the sensed temperature is
     in a different temperature range from that previously identified and the
     measured temperature is not in a hysteresis range at the boundary with the
     temperature range previously identified, the selected bias current value
     is based on the presently identified temperature range. If the sensed
     temperature is in a hysteresis range at the boundary with the temperature
     range previously."
"In a magnetic storage apparatus having a magnetic recording medium, a drive
     unit for driving this medium in a prespecified recording direction, a
     magnetic head assembly including a recorder section and reproduction
     section, a way to cause the magnetic head to move relatively with respect
     to the magnetic record medium, and a record/playback signal processor for
     performing signal inputting to the magnetic head and for effecting
     reproduction of an output signal from the magnetic head, the reproduction
     section of said magnetic head is composed of a magnetic head of the
     magnetoresistance effect type, while said magnetic record medium is
     structured including a substrate and a magnetic layer formed thereover
     with one or several underlayers being sandwiched therebetween, wherein at
     least one of hte underlayers is a specific layer that is made of amorphous
     or microcrystalline materials containing therein Ni as the principal or
     main component thereof and further containing at least one kind of element
     as selected from the group consisting of Nb and Ta."
"A transpinnor switch is described having a network of thin-film elements in
     a bridge configuration, selected ones of the thin-film elements exhibiting
     giant magnetoresistance. The switch also includes at least one input
     conductor inductively coupled to a first subset of the selected thin-film
     elements, and a switch conductor inductively coupled to a second subset of
     the selected thin-film elements for applying magnetic fields thereto. The
     switch is configurable using the switch conductor to generate an output
     signal representative of an input signal on the input conductor. The
     switch is also configurable using the switch conductor to generate
     substantially no output signal regardless of whether the input signal is
     present. The transpinnor switch described herein may be used in a wide
     variety of applications including, for example, a field programmable gate
     array."
"Disclosed are a fast, highly-integrated and highly-reliable
     magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) and a semiconductor device
     which uses the MRAM. The semiconductor device performs the read-out
     operation of the MRAM using memory cells for storing information by using
     a change in magnetoresistance of a magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) element
     with a high S/N ratio. Each memory cell includes an MTJ element and a
     bipolar transistor. The read-out operation is carried out by selecting a
     word line, amplifying a current flowing in the MTJ element of a target
     memory cell by the bipolar transistor and outputting the amplified current
     to an associated read data line."
"A manufacturing method of a magnetic memory device, wherein the inventive
     method does not require any special technique for forming pattern, but
     bilaterally ensures precision for processing a tunnel magneto-resistive
     effect element (called TMR element) and self-matching formation of
     connecting elements. The manufacturing method of a magnetic memory device
     comprises a processing step of forming a tunnel magneto-resistive effect
     film sandwiching a tunnel barrier layer between a magnetic pinned layer
     and a memory layer into a predetermined elementary configuration by
     applying a mask layer, wherein the mask layer is formed by applying a
     plating process."
"A magnetic layer which is exchange-coupled to an antiferromagnetic layer
     and given an exchange bias therefrom is laminated via a non-magnetic layer
     on another magnetic layer to form an MR film. The antiferromagnetic layer
     (PtMn, PdMn or NiMn) is laminated on a ground layer(Zr, Hf, Zr--Hf,
     Zr--Co, Zr--Au, Ni--O, Co--O or Fe--O) so that the antiferromagnetic layer
     has a surface of an average roughness of 1-5 .ANG.. A conduction layer is
     formed adjacent to the magnetic layer for sensing a magnetic field. The
     conduction layer is made of Cu, Ag, Au or an alloy composed of two
     selected therefrom. A layer made of Zr, Ta, Zr--O, Ta--O or a mixture
     thereof is laminated on the conduction layer. The MR film exhibits a large
     resistance variation linearly at near zero magnetic field with an
     excellent thermal stability."
"The system for detecting the edge of a moving data storage medium measures
     the ambient noise level of the magneto-resistive read head when the
     magneto-resistive read head is completely off the magnetic tape media. The
     system for detecting the edge of a moving data storage medium sets a
     signal threshold that is a predetermined increase over the
     magneto-resistive read head output signal generated by the ambient noise.
     The system for detecting the edge of a moving data storage medium then
     moves the magneto-resistive read head on to the magnetic tape media, where
     an increase in the magneto-resistive read head output signal is generated
     due to the friction of the moving magnetic tape coming into contact with
     the magneto-resistive read head, causing an increased noise level. The
     resultant increase in the magneto-resistive read head output signal, when
     it exceeds the signal threshold, is indicative of the presence of the edge
     of the magnetic tape and can be used as an accurate measure of the edge of
     the magnetic tape."
"A method for lapping a magnetic read/write element on a slider having a
     shear based transducer is disclosed. The shear based transducer is used
     during the fabrication process to more precisely lap the MR element. The
     method comprises measuring the stripe height of the MR element and
     actuating the shear based transducer to move the MR element to a desired
     position relative to a lapping apparatus. The MR element is then lapped to
     achieve a desired stripe height."
"A rotation detector resists magnetic disturbances from sources near the
     detector. The rotation detector includes a rotor on which iron magnetic
     path changing pieces are fixed at predetermined intervals. A first bias
     magnet and a first magneto-resistive element for detecting the flux of the
     first bias magnet oppose the magnetic path changing pieces. A magnetic
     guide plate is located to guide disturbing magnetic flux in predetermined
     directions. The disturbing magnetic flux thus fails to adversely affect
     the first magneto-resistive element."
"A magnetic resonance imaging apparatus generates an MR signal from an
     object by applying a gradient field pulse generated by a gradient field
     coil and a high-frequency magnetic field pulse generated by a
     high-frequency coil to the object in a static field, and reconstructs an
     image on the basis of the MR signal. The gradient field coil is housed in
     a sealed vessel. The internal air in the sealed vessel is exhausted by the
     pump to prevent noise. By controlling the operation of the pump using a
     control circuit, noise in imaging operation can be reduced more
     effectively."
"An improved output magnetoresistance effect type head having a spin valve
     type multilayered film which includes a non-magnetic metal layer, a
     ferromagnetic layer, a soft magnetic layer, and a pinning layer, where the
     soft magnetic bias assist layers formed on the soft magnetic layer changes
     its magnetization direction in an external magnetic field. Bias applying
     layers formed on these layers for applying a bias in a longitudinal
     direction of the soft magnetic layer are made of antiferromagnetic
     Ru.sub.x M.sub.y Mn.sub.z, where M is Rh, Pt, Pd, Au, Ag, Re, Ir and Cr,
     1.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.30, 1.ltoreq.y.ltoreq.30, 69.ltoreq.z.ltoreq.90 and
     10.ltoreq.x+y.ltoreq.31 and the unit of x, y, z is atomic %."
"A magnetoresistance effect element includes a free layer, in which a
     magnetization direction thereof is easily rotated in response to an
     external magnetic field, a first non-magnetic layer, and a first pinned
     layer provided on a side opposite to the free layer of the first
     non-magnetic layer, in which a magnetization direction of the first pinned
     layer is not easily rotated in response to the external magnetic field. At
     least one of the first pinned layer and the free layer includes a first
     metal magnetic film contacting the first non-magnetic layer, and a first
     oxide magnetic film."
"A magnetoresistive sensor system having resistive elements changing in
     ohmic value in the presence of a magnetic field of a current being
     measured. The variant values of the elements are amplified by some
     electronics that inherently add offset to the resultant values. The
     elements themselves also add an offset. The output of the electronics is
     modulated and then buffered as an output. This output is demodulated and
     integrated. The resultant signal is fed back to the input of the
     electronics to null out the offsets. The output of the buffer also goes to
     an inductive coil that is magnetically coupled to the resistive elements
     to null out the magnetic field from the current being measured. The buffer
     output indicates the magnitude of the current being measured. An
     oscillator outputs a signal to actuate the modulator and the demodulator.
     The oscillator signal also goes to a set/reset circuit for setting and
     resetting the resistive elements of the magnetoresistive sensor."
"In the polishing work for forming a crown shape on a ceramic bar bearing a
     plurality of conversion units for the magnetic heads, the present
     invention is to provide a well-controlled satisfactory shape by pressing
     the ceramic bar, provided with plural grooves perpendicular to the
     longitudinal direction and on a surface opposed to the polished plane, to
     a substantially concave polishing plane through an elastic member
     principally composed of rubber, then measuring the magneto resistivity of
     an element provided in the conversion unit of the magnetic head, and
     adjusting the pressure at the crown forming operation by a closed loop
     control based on the result of such measurement."
"A scanning rheometer is presented for the Theological property measurement
     of electrorheological (ER) and magnetorheological (MR) fluids using a
     non-linear viscoplastic model, based on the fluid height variation with
     respect to time. The rheometer basically includes a static (e.g., an
     overhead reservoir) or a dynamic source of fluid, a channel or slit whose
     sides form electrodes which are in contact with the flowing ER fluid, or a
     capillary tube exposed to a static/alternating magnetic field for flowing
     MR fluids, a transfer tube, either one or two riser tubes, and a column
     level detector for monitoring the column of fluid as it moves in one of
     the riser tubes. The column level detector is coupled to a processor which
     analyzes, among other things, column height vs. time data to determine
     both viscosity and yield stress. The rheometer overcomes one of the major
     drawbacks of the conventional rheometer: the inability to produce the
     yield stress of the ER, or MR, fluid in an absolute zero shear rate range.
     The results with this rheometer are compared with those obtained from a
     commercially-available rheometer which indicates excellent agreement."
"A method for producing an image of a volume of interest using a Magnetic
     Resonance Imaging (MRI) system comprising the steps of acquiring a
     plurality of under-sampled Magnetic Resonance (MR) data sets for a
     plurality of regions of the volume of interest along an axis of
     translation within the MRI system and reconstructing the image of the
     volume of interest using the respective under-sampled MR data sets."
"MR imaging is provided based on the ASL method providing an ASL image. In
     this imaging, MT effects are steadily canceled to reduce difference errors
     inherent in excluding stationary tissue from the image and sensitivity is
     given to only a signal from one-way blood flow. A first RF wave and a
     first magnetic gradient G.sub.tag both for selective-exciting a tagging
     slab and a second RF wave and a second magnetic gradient G.sub.cont both
     for selective-exciting a controlling slab are set, in which offset amounts
     of exciting central frequencies of both of the first and second RF waves
     to a central position of an imaging slab are equal to each other and
     offset positions Offset.sub.tag and Offset.sub.cont of the tagging slab
     and the controlling slab to the imaging slab are different from each
     other. Both of the RF pulses are IR pulses. A pulse sequence including the
     first RF wave and the first magnetic gradient G.sub.tag is performed and a
     pulse sequence including the second RF wave and the second magnetic
     gradient G.sub.cont is performed, so that echo signals are acquired for
     each performance. The echo signals are subject to mutual difference
     calculation to provide an ASL image."
"A method for registration of magnetic resonance (MR) and computed
     topography (CT) images, in accordance with the present invention includes
     providing MR images having a region of interest delineated by first
     contours and providing CT images having the region of interest delineated
     by second contours. A pre-existing model of the region of interest is also
     provided. The pre-existing model is fit to the first contours or the
     second contours to provide a first resultant model. The first resultant
     model is then copied to provide a copied model. The copied model is fit to
     the other of the first contours and the second contours to provide a
     second resultant model. By rotating and translating the first resultant
     model and the second resultant model, the first resultant model and the
     second resultant model are registered. The rotation and translation
     information are stored and applied to the images to provide registration
     between the MR images and the CT image"
"A soft magnetic layer constituting a spin valve type magnetoresistance
     effect film comprises a multilayered body having at least two layers and
     including a first soft magnetic layer substantially made of Co or CoFe,
     and a second soft magnetic layer substantially made of NiFeX (wherein X
     represents at least one selected from Ta and Nb) in the order named from
     the side of a non-magnetic metal layer. More preferably, the soft magnetic
     layer comprises a multilayered body having at least three layers and
     including a first soft magnetic layer substantially made of Co or CoFe, a
     third soft magnetic layer substantially made of NiFe, and a second soft
     magnetic layer substantially made of NiFeX (wherein X represents at least
     one selected from Ta and Nb) in the order named from the side of the
     non-magnetic metal layer. Therefore, the detection sensitivity of a
     magnetic signal and the output of the magnetic head can be improved.
     Further, the linearity of the derived signal is also excellent."
"A spin valve sensor includes an antiferromagnetic pinning layer which is
     located between and is exchange coupled to a single pinned layer and an
     antiparallel (AP) pinned layer structure and a nonmagnetic electrically
     conductive spacer layer which is located between and interfaces the single
     pinned layer as well as a free layer structure. With this arrangement an
     antiparallel coupling layer, which is typically ruthenium, and a second AP
     pinned layer in the AP pinned layer structure are remotely located from
     the spacer layer so that the antiparallel coupling layer and the second AP
     pinned layer do not degrade the magnetoresistive coefficient dr/R of the
     spin valve sensor."
"A current perpendicular-to-the-plane magnetoresistance (CPP-MR) read head
     includes a top shield and a bottom shield formed of magnetically
     shielding, electrically-conductive material. A multilayer
     magnetoresistance (MR) structure is disposed between the top shield and
     the bottom shield. The MR structure is in electrical contact with the top
     and bottom shields. A transverse magnetic field generating structure is
     adjacent the MR structure to transversely, magnetically bias the MR
     structure. The transverse magnetic field generating structure includes two
     permanent magnets on either side of the MR structure, and a T-shaped soft
     magnetic layer to direct magnetic flux from the magnets to the MR
     structure. In this manner, the read head provides a strong and uniform
     transverse magnetic bias to the MR structure."
"A thin-film magnetic head having a magnetoresistive effect element wherein
     an insulating layer is formed under an electrode layer of a
     magnetoresistive effect element with a lower gap layer interposed
     therebetween. As a result, the distance between the electrode layer and
     the lower shielding layer becomes longer, thus permitting maintenance of a
     satisfactory electrical insulation."
"A magnetoresistive effect type reproducing head includes a lower magnetic
     shield made of magnetic material, an upper magnetic shield made of
     magnetic material, a magnetoresistive effect type element formed between
     the lower magnetic shield layer and the upper magnetic shield layer, a
     lower inter-layer insulating film formed between the magnetoresistive
     effect type element and the lower magnetic shield, and an upper
     inter-layer insulation film formed between the magnetoresistive effect
     type element and the upper magnetic shield. At least one of the lower and
     upper magnetic shields includes a first magnetic layer made of a first
     material having first electric resistivity and a second magnetic layer
     made of a second material having second electric resistivity higher than
     the first electric resistivity."
"A pair of magnetic heads is provided with a magnetic disk for a magnetic
     writing/reading apparatus, and a thin-film magnetic head is provided in
     which forms of leads are easily changed and characteristics are stable. A
     pair of sliders 3a and 3b oppose each other with the magnetic disk
     therebetween, and connecting portions of the peripheral edges of coils Ca
     and Cb, and leads 6a1 and 6b1, are disposed at sides opposite to gaps for
     writing. Intermediate leads 8a and 8b are provided in which ends are
     connected to conductive layers Ea2 and Eb2 of MR elements, and the other
     ends are connected to leads 6a4 and 6b4 which are disposed in close
     proximity to the edges of the other conductive layers."
"There is disclosed a manufacturing method of a magnetoresistive element of
     the present invention, comprising: a step of preparing a substrate having
     a thermal conductivity in a range of 5 to 150 Wm.sup.-1 K.sup.-1 ; a
     substrate cooling step of moving the substrate into a vacuum cooling
     chamber, and cooling the substrate at an absolute temperature of 200 K or
     less in the vacuum cooling chamber; and a laminated film forming step of
     moving the cooled substrate into a vacuum film forming chamber, fixing the
     substrate to a substrate holder, and forming a magnetoresistive laminated
     film on the substrate while rotating the substrate, so that the
     manufacturing method of the magnetoresistive element is little in
     dispersion of element property, high in reliability, and superior in
     productivity."
"A downhole caliper instrument utilizing a magneto resistive sensor to
     determine the position of a caliper arm which extends to touch the surface
     of the borehole wall."
"A magnetic position detector includes a soft magnetic target wheel, a
     magnetic sensor and a permanent magnet. The invention includes
     magnetoresistive sensors in several geometrical configurations of the
     target wheel, the sensor and the magnet. All configurations result in a
     big change of direction of the magnetic field at the location of the
     sensor as a result of a rotation of the target wheel. The configurations
     have in common that the direction of the magnetic field at the location of
     the sensor, as generated by the permanent magnet, is predominantly in the
     plane of the sensor surface, both when the sensor is next to a slot and
     next to a tooth of the target wheel, the surface of the sensor being
     substantially normal to the direction of movement of the target wheel."
"A conductive line for programming a magnetoresistive memory device which
     includes a metal interconnect region positioned proximate to a
     magnetoresistive random access memory device, wherein the metal
     interconnect region supplies a current which produces a magnetic field and
     wherein the metal interconnect region includes a metal layer with a length
     and a width and has a first side, a second side, a third side, and a
     fourth side wherein a ferromagnetic cladding region with a thickness is
     positioned on the first side, the second side, the third side, and the
     fourth side of the metal layer, and wherein the ferromagnetic cladding
     region positioned on the first side has a trench having a length less than
     the length of the metal layer and a width approximately equal to the
     thickness of the ferromagnetic of the magnetic cladding region. The length
     of the trench can be changed to adjust the magnitude of the magnetic
     field."
"Enclosed is a magnetic recording medium obtained by sequentially providing
     on a flexible nonmagnetic support a nonmagnetic layer comprising a
     nonmagnetic powder and a binder and a magnetic layer comprising a
     ferromagnetic powder and a binder. The thickness of the magnetic layer is
     0.01-0.1 .mu.m and the ratio of the exposed area of nonmagnetic power on
     the surface of the magnetic layer is not greater than 10 percent. A method
     of manufacturing a magnetic recording medium comprising coating a
     nonmagnetic layer coating liquid on a flexible nonmagnetic support and
     applying a magnetic layer coating liquid on the coated layer while the
     coated layer is still wet. The ratio of the exposed area of nonmagnetic
     power on the surface of the magnetic layer is not greater than 10 percent;
     the nonmagnetic layer coating liquid has a yield stress of not less than
     100 .mu.N/cm.sup.2 or 10 dyne/cm.sup.2 and the solid component
     concentration of the magnetic layer coating liquid is greater than the
     solid component concentration of the nonmagnetic layer coating liquid. A
     particulate magnetic recording medium having a magnetic layer of not
     greater than 0.1 .mu.m, good production properties, and good
     electromagnetic characteristics when used with MR heads is provided."
"A thin film magnetic head having a particularly short throat height and a
     fine pole portion with no magnetic saturation and a small magnetic flux
     leakage is manufactured on a mass scale in an efficient and speedy manner
     as follows. After forming a lower shield for a magnetoresistive type thin
     film magnetic head on a substrate, a magnetoresistive layer embedded in a
     shield gap layer is formed, a first magnetoresistive layer constituting an
     upper shield for the magnetoresistive type thin film magnetic head as well
     as a lower pole of an inductive type thin film magnetic head is formed, a
     recess is formed in its surface, an insulating layer is embedded in the
     recess, and a surface is flattened. On the thus flattened surface, is
     formed a write gap layer, and a second magnetic layer constituting a pole
     chip is formed into a desired pattern. A rear edge of said second magnetic
     layer is extended inwardly beyond an edge of the recess opposing to an air
     bearing surface. On the write gap layer, first and second layer thin film
     coils are formed on the write gap layer such that the thin film coils are
     supported by photoresist insulating layers, a third magnetic layer is
     formed such that a front end of the third magnetic layer is retarded from
     the air bearing surface and the third magnetic layer is coupled with the
     first magnetic layer at a portion remote from the air bearing surface, and
     then an overcoat layer is formed on a whole surface. A position of said
     edge of the recess formed in the first magnetic layer opposed to the air
     bearing surface is not deviated during the manufacturing process and the
     air bearing surface is polished while said position is used as a throat
     height zero reference position."
"A simulated steering feel system 10 is provided including a
     magneto-rheological fluid rotary resistance device 12. The
     magneto-rheological fluid rotary resistance device 12 is utilized to
     impart improved feedback, torque to a steering wheel 32."
"A process of forming a combination-type thin film magnetic head on a wafer
     is disclosed wherein plural polished amount-monitoring elements are formed
     at the same time as formation of the members which constitute the
     inductive-type thin film magnetic head. The plural polished
     amount-monitoring elements each have a different distance from the inside
     edge opposite to he air bearing surface of the joined surface between a
     pair of electrode members to the standard position of the zero-throat
     height. After the magneto-resistive-effective-type thin film magnetic head
     is formed, the wafer is cut into plural bars, each having plural arranged
     combination type thin film magnetic head units. Then ends of the bar are
     polished while monitoring the polished amount of the air bearing surface,
     by measuring the continuation and discontinuation between the electrode
     members of the polished amount-monitoring element formed on each bar, the
     ends of the bars are polished with monitoring the polished amounts of the
     air bearing surfaces to form plural combination type thin film magnetic
     head units having desired Throat Heights. Lastly, each bar is cut into
     plural combination type thin film magnetic head. The polish of the air
     bearing surface can be controlled in submicron order and thereby, the thin
     film magnetic head having a high surface recording density and little
     deterioration of reproducing output can be manufactured in a high yield
     process."
"There is provided a magnetic memory including first and second wirings
     intersecting each other and disposed apart from each other, a
     magnetoresistance effect film positioned between the first and second
     wirings, and a first magnetic film including a first portion facing the
     magnetoresistance effect film with the first wiring interposed
     therebetween and a pair of second portions positioned on both sides of the
     first wiring and magnetically connected to the first portion, each of the
     first and second portions having either one of a high saturation
     magnetization soft magnetic material containing cobalt and a
     metal-nonmetal nano-granular film."
"The present application provides a magneto-resistive element excellent in
     symmetry of playback waveforms. The basic construction of the present
     application is as follows. That is, a magnetic layer 13, an insulating
     layer 14, and a magnetic layer 15 are laminated; a power supply 18 for
     applying a voltage between two magnetic layers is provided; an
     anti-ferromagnetic layer 16 is laminated on the magnetic layer 15,
     direction of which magnetization is substantially parallel or
     counter-parallel with a detecting direction of an external magnetic field,
     and when the external magnetic field is not present, a power supply 17 for
     causing a current to flow in a non-magnetic metal layer 12 and in an inner
     direction of a layer surface thereof is provided so that a direction of
     magnetization of the magnetic layer 13 is substantially at right angles to
     the detecting direction of the external magnetic field; and there is
     provided a signal detector 19 for detecting a change of current tunneling
     through an insulating layer when the direction of magnetization of the
     magnetic layer 13 is changed by the external magnetic field."
"A magnetoresistance effect magnetic head includes a magnetoresistance
     effect element having a first end and a second end. A biasing portion is
     provided at the first end and the second end of the magnetoresistance
     effect element for applying a longitudinal bias magnetic field to the
     magnetoresistance effect element at the first end or the second end. The
     biasing portion includes an intermediate layer disposed between an
     antiferromagnetic first layer and a second layer."
"The present invention comprises a magnetoresistive sensor including a cap
     layer, a free layer, a spacer layer, a pinned layer, an oxide layer, a
     pinning layer, a seed layer, and a substrate layer. The sensor consists of
     the cap layer adjacent the free layer. The free layer is adjacent to the
     spacer layer. The spacer layer is adjacent to the pinned layer. The pinned
     layer is adjacent to the oxide layer. The oxide layer is adjacent to the
     pinning layer. The pinning layer is adjacent to the seed layer and the
     seed layer is adjacent to the substrate. The present invention also
     comprises a method of manufacturing the magnetoresistive sensor including
     forming a layered structure. An electron specular scattering effect occurs
     at the oxide interface to achieve enhanced GMR responses while maintaining
     thermostability."
"A reader and a method of fabricating a reader having a thermally isolated
     magnetoresistive element is disclosed. The method includes fabricating a
     magnetoresistive read transistor between a top shield and a bottom shield.
     The magnetoresistive read transistor is then coated with a thermally
     isolating material. The magnetoresistive read transistor can be coated
     with a zirconia compound such as zirconium diboride. For additional
     thermal isolation, a layer of diamond-like carbon can be deposited over
     the thermally isolating material."
"A Vertical Giant Magnetoresistive Sensor (VGMR) with two VGMR structures
     (61 A, 61 B), each responding differently to an external magnetic field,
     producing a differential signal proportional to the field. The
     magnetizations (M1, M1', M2, M2') in each of the sensors are oriented
     antiparallel. The antiparallel magnetization is attained by altering the
     magnetic compositions of the two structures, or adding an additional
     structure such as a permanent magnet or current strip (11) between the
     VGMR structures."
"A system and method for selecting between two biasing modes for biasing
     magneto resistive heads in a disk drive. A mode selector selects either a
     voltage biasing circuit or a current biasing to supply the bias voltage or
     bias current, respectively, to a magneto resistive head. The selection can
     be based on changes in parameters in the disk drive or magneto resistive
     heads during disk drive operation."
"A magnetic resonance imaging apparatus generates an MR signal from an
     object to be examined by applying a gradient field pulse generated by a
     gradient field coil and a high-frequency magnetic field pulse generated by
     a high-frequency coil onto the object in a static field generated by a
     static field magnet, and reconstructs an image on the basis of the MR
     signal. The gradient field coil is housed in a sealed vessel. A cable
     extending from an external power supply and connected to the gradient
     field coil has predetermined flexibility."
"To provide a bearing sensor having a thin plane coil for applying a biasing
     magnetic field and at least one magneto resistive element pair (a first
     magneto resistive thin plate and a second magneto resistive thin plate)
     crossing opposed conductor sides of the coil. The plane coil has at least
     one pair of opposed conductor sides (a first side and a second side). The
     first magneto resistive thin plate and the first side cross one another at
     an angle more than 30 degrees and less than 90 degrees. The second magneto
     resistive thin plate and the second side cross one another at an angle
     more than 30 degrees and less than 90 degrees. While biasing magnetic
     fields in opposite directions are applied to the magneto resistive thin
     plates, respectively, intermediate potentials of the magneto resistive
     element pair are measured to determine bearings based on the difference
     between the intermediate potentials."
"A method and system for detecting electrostatic noise in a
     magneto-resistive head which may be caused by a plurality of conditions
     manifesting in the frequency domain as either an amplitude spike or an
     unstable baseline. In one embodiment, the signals generated by the head
     when reading a DC-erased track are compared. When viewed in the frequency
     domain the spectrum gap between the signals is used to determine if the
     head being tested suffers from defects causing an unstable baseline or
     from defects causing an amplitude spike."
"A magnetoresistive device including a high-resistivity layer (13), a first
     magnetic layer (12) and a second magnetic layer (14), the first magnetic
     layer (12) and the second magnetic layer (14) being arranged so as to
     sandwich the high-resistivity layer (13), wherein the high-resistivity
     layer (13) is a barrier for passing tunneling electrons between the first
     magnetic layer (12) and the second magnetic layer (14), and contains at
     least one element L.sub.ONC selected from oxygen, nitrogen and carbon; at
     least one layer A selected from the first magnetic layer (12) and the
     second magnetic layer (14) contains at least one metal element M selected
     from Fe, Ni and Co, and an element R.sub.CP different from the metal
     element M; and the element R.sub.CP combines with the element L.sub.ONC
     more easily in terms of energy than the metal element M. Accordingly, a
     novel magnetoresistive device having a low junction resistance and a high
     MR can be obtained."
"An X-ray CT apparatus includes a pair of an involute gear and a magnetic
     sensor as a structure for detecting the rotation of the gantry rotary
     section in a non-contact fashion. The involute gear imparts a periodic
     change in the magnetic flux in the circumferential direction of a circle
     coaxial with the gantry rotary section. The magnetic sensor including the
     magnet and the magnetic reluctance (MR) elements detects the change in the
     magnetic flux caused by the rotation of the involute gear together with
     the gantry rotary section to generate a pulse signal conforming with the
     change in the magnetic flux. The pulse signal obtained from the magnetic
     sensor is supplied to the servo amplifier, the CT main control section,
     etc. via the signal processing unit."
"A magnetoresistive memory fabricated on a common substrate. The memory
     including first and second spaced apart magnetoresistive memory arrays
     each including a plurality of MTJ memory cells arranged in rows and
     columns and a plurality of word/digit lines associated with the rows of
     magnetoresistive memory cells of each of the arrays. Switching circuitry
     is positioned on the substrate between the first and second arrays and
     designed to select a word/digit line in one of the first and second
     arrays. A current source is positioned on the substrate adjacent and
     coupled to the switching circuitry for supplying programming current to
     the selected word/digit line."
"The present invention may be regarded as a disk drive with protection
     against damage due to a thermal asperity. The disk drive comprises a disk
     having a surface with an asperity, and a magneto-resistive head actuated
     radially over the surface of the disk for generating a read signal
     comprising a thermal asperity component caused by the magneto-resistive
     head contacting the asperity on the surface of the disk. A bias generator
     is provided for generating an electrical bias applied to the
     magneto-resistive head, and a thermal asperity detector detects the
     thermal asperity component in the read signal. When the thermal asperity
     component is detected, the electrical bias is reduced for a time interval,
     thereby protecting the magneto-resistive head."
"Magnetic resonance imaging method and apparatus which employ multiple
     magnetic resonance signals from an array of multiple sensors or coils for
     the reconstruction of images. The method is used in fast dynamic MR
     imaging. Prior to formation of fast dynamic images, a normal magnetic
     resonance image with a full set of phase encoding steps is acquired for
     each sensor or coil. A subset of phase encoding trajectories is extracted
     commensurate with the phase encoding trajectories obtained by the fast
     dynamic imaging and an image is reconstructed from the subset.
     Subsequently, the signals of the fast dynamic image are compared with the
     signals of the reconstructed image, thus yielding an estimate of the
     fold-over artefacts of the fast dynamic image. The signals of the
     fold-over artefacts thus compensate the signals obtained by the fast
     dynamic imaging and deliver a corrected image without artefact parts."
"A method for making a thin-film magnetic head with a magnetoresistive layer
     having a desired shaped to facilitate narrowing of the track width,
     wherein the surface, in the depth direction, is not curved, and wherein
     the shape and magnetic anisotropy of each sublayer of the magnetoresistive
     layer is stabilized to ensure improved reading characteristics."
"A dual spin-valve magnetoresistive thin film elements includes a first dual
     pinned magnetic layer and a second dual pinned magnetic layer. A first
     pinned magnetic layer of the first dual pinned magnetic layer contacts a
     first antiferromagnetic layer and a second pinned magnetic layer of the
     first dual pinned magnetic layer contacts a first nonmagnetic electrically
     conductive layer. The first pinned magnetic layer of the second dual
     pinned magnetic layer contacts a second antiferromagnetic layer and the
     second pinned magnetic of the second dual pinned magnetic layer contacts a
     second nonmagnetic electrically conductive layer. A synthesized magnetic
     moment of the first pinned magnetic layer and the second pinned magnetic
     layer in the first dual pinned magnetic layer, and a synthesized magnetic
     moment the first pinned magnetic layer and the second pinned magnetic
     layer in the second dual pinned magnetic layer face in opposite
     directions."
"A selectively adjustable impedance boosting circuit for a magneto-resistive
     head in a disk drive to compensate a frequency pole by introducing a zero
     in proportion to the resistance of the magneto-resistive element and with
     selectable circuit parameters to further adjust the pole compensation. The
     invention includes selectively adjusting the sensitivity of the pole
     compensation to changes in the resistance of the head, selectively
     adjusting the peak compensation, and adjusting the frequency of the
     compensating zero."
"A system and method for acquisition signal error estimation is provided
     which uses one or more past values of the sequence to determine the
     nearest ideal sample value. According to one embodiment, four consecutive
     samples are used. According to another embodiment, two samples are used.
     The acquisition signal error estimator maybe used in conjunction with
     gain, DC offset, or magneto-resistive asymmetry control loops in a sampled
     amplitude read channel."
"A magnetic transducer and a thin film magnetic head capable of suppressing
     a reduction in reproducing output and of obtaining an appropriate bias
     magnetic field and a method of manufacturing the same. An MR element
     comprises a stack sensing an external magnetic field and magnetic domain
     control films applying a bias magnetic field to the stack. The magnetic
     domain control films are fabricated with a stack of magnetic domain
     control ferromagnetic films made of a ferromagnetic material and magnetic
     domain control antiferromagnetic films made of an antiferromagnetic
     material. The magnetic domain control ferromagnetic films are fabricated
     to have the magnetostriction .lambda.s within a range of
     -15.times.10.sup.-6 &lt;.lambda.s&lt;0. The magnetostriction .lambda.s in
     such a range suppresses increase in hysteresis in a change of the
     magnetization of the magnetic domain control ferromagnetic film to an
     external magnetic field. The magnetic domain control ferromagnetic films
     always produce a constant bias magnetic field. As a result, output from
     the stack becomes stable."
"A magnetic head includes a magnetoresistive effect type film, which
     includes a first ferromagnetic film having a direction of magnetization
     which is changeable, an antiferromagnetic film, a second ferromagnetic
     film having a direction of magnetization which is fixed, and a
     non-magnetic conductive film disposed between the first ferromagnetic film
     and the second ferromagnetic film. The magnetic head further includes a
     pair of magnetic domain control films respectively arranged at ends of the
     magnetoresistive effect type film, and a pair of electrodes respectively
     arranged at the ends of the magnetoresistive effect type film. A spacing
     between the electrodes is narrower than a spacing between the magnetic
     domain control films."
"In a magnetic recording medium having Co-based alloy magnetic layer
     containing Pt formed on a substrate through an underlayer, by forming said
     underlayer with plural underlayers including double layer structure which
     is formed by piling up 1st underlayer of Cr-based alloy containing Ti and
     2nd underlayer of Cr-based alloy containing at least one element selected
     from a group comprising Mo and W in this sequence, crystal grain diameter
     is decreased and then medium noise can be decreased, and c axis is
     oriented to in-plane direction and then high coercivity can be obtained,
     consequently the magnetic recording medium having high signal to noise
     ratio at high recording density region is obtained. Further a small size
     large capacity magnetic recording system can be provided by combination of
     said magnetic recording media with a MR (magnetoresistive) head."
"Information including normal and abnormal operating conditions and events,
     resulting from operation of elevator car and landing doors, is monitored
     and recorded (FIGS. 1-28), compared and combined with other information
     and with thresholds to detect notable events and conditions and generate
     corresponding messages including a reason for the message, severity of the
     related event or condition, and optionally, a general maintenance
     recommendation. The maintenance messages include adjusting or cleaning:
     car door vane (A-D), landing door lock at a given floor (E-L), car door
     closed switch (M-R), car door track or sill (S-Y), landing door track or
     sill (Z-EE), door drive belt (FF, GG), elevator car door motor or door
     controller mechanism (HH-MM), and car guide rails (FFF); and include
     adjusting or replacing: door position encoder (NN, OO), between-door
     safety device (PP-SS), door open/close buttons (TT-XX), landing and car
     call buttons (YY-AAA) and lights (BBB, CCC), and car rail guides (DDD,
     EEE)."
"In a magnetoresistive effect transducer including a pinning layer, a pinned
     layer, a free layer and a non-magnetic layer inserted between the pinned
     layer and the free layer, a longitudinal bias layer is connected directly
     to a part of the free layer to apply a bias magnetic field to the free
     layer, thus biasing a magnetization direction of the free layer so that
     the magnetization direction of the free layer coincides with that of the
     longitudinal bias layer."
"A magnetic sensor which detects an external magnetic field with the aid of
     a ferromagnetic free layer having a magnetic moment responsive to the
     external magnetic field. The magnetic sensor has an antiferromagnetic
     layer which is magnetically exchange-coupled to the free layer to produce
     an exchange bias field H.sub.e which acts on the free layer to bias its
     magnetic moment along a certain orientation such as the transverse
     direction. The additional exchange bias field H.sub.e is used in balancing
     a total transverse internal magnetic field H.sub.t which is due to other
     fields generated by the sensor itself. The value of exchange bias field
     H.sub.e is set, e.g., by selecting a certain thickness and a certain
     composition of the antiferromagnetic layer. The magnetic sensor of the
     invention can also have a non-magnetic spacer layer interposed between the
     free layer and the antiferromagnetic layer or be in contact with the free
     layer. The sensor can be a spin valve sensor, a tunnel valve sensor, or
     any magnetic sensor using the free layer and the magnetoresistive effect
     to detect the external magnetic field."
"In a magnetoresistance element including a lower electrode layer which is
     formed directly on a lower shield layer or on another layer which is
     formed on the lower shield layer or so as to serve also as the lower
     shield layer; a magnetoresistance effect layer which is formed on part of
     the upper surface of the lower electrode layer; and an upper electrode
     layer which is formed above the lower electrode layer so that part of its
     lower surface will at least be in contact with the upper surface of the
     magnetoresistance effect layer, the upper electrode layer is formed so
     that the upper electrode layer seen in a plan view will avoid the edge of
     the lower electrode layer except at the ABS (Air Bearing Surface) of the
     magnetoresistance element. In such composition of the magnetoresistance
     element, no part of the upper electrode layer exists above the edge of the
     lower electrode layer, therefore, electrical shorts between the upper
     electrode layer and the lower electrode layer can be avoided even if the
     roughness of the edge of the lower electrode layer (which is exposed to a
     release agent containing a dissolved photoresist in a photoresist layer
     removal step) increased, thereby a magnetoresistance element of high
     sensitivity and high performance can be obtained and manufacturing yield
     of the magnetoresistance elements can be improved."
"An inverted hybrid type thin film magnetic head includes a substrate, an
     inductive recording element and a magnetoresistive reading element. The
     inductive recording element has a first magnetic film provided on an inner
     surface of a recessed portion formed in the surface of the substrate and
     on the surface of the substrate to constitute a pole portion, a thin film
     coil, a gap film formed on the pole portion of the first magnetic film and
     on an insulating film which supports and isolates coil turns, and a second
     magnetic film applied on the gap film and having a pole portion opposed to
     the pole portion of the first magnetic film via the gap film. The
     magnetoresistive reading element includes a magnetoresistive film formed
     within a shield gap film provided on the second magnetic film and a third
     magnetic film formed on the shield gap film."
"A high throughput method for producing the narrow track width inductive
     head is also provided, whereby the heads may be manufactured in
     substantial volumes. The new head may be merged or piggy-backed MR or GMR
     heads, comprising a first pole piece, P1, and a second pole piece, P2, and
     is distinctly characterized by write track width is significantly reduced
     by a preliminary ion milling process before P1 notching is performed. The
     preliminary step utilizes an ion milling process to trim the write track
     width, P2B, at an angle between 45 to 85 degrees from the wafer normal.
     The MR head may then undergo conventional P1 notching."
"A magneto-resistive memory that has a shared word line and sense line is
     disclosed. By providing the shared word line and sense line, the number of
     relatively large drivers required to drive the word line and sense line
     currents can be reduced. This reduces the peripheral overhead of the
     memory, and may increase the overall density and reduce the overall power
     of the memory."
"A magnetoresistive head whose operation depends on a magnetoresistive
     effect is configured using a ferromagnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) film,
     which is arranged between a lower electrode and an upper electrode. The
     ferromagnetic tunnel junction film is basically configured using a set of
     a free layer, a barrier layer and a fixing layer, which are sequentially
     formed and laminated on the lower electrode. Herein, the ferromagnetic
     tunnel junction film is designed to avoid electrostatic destruction in
     manufacture by prescribed measures. For example, the barrier layer is
     reduced in thickness at a terminal portion as compared with a center
     portion. Or, the barrier layer has a defect at the terminal portion. In
     addition, it is possible to provide a conductor in connection with the
     barrier layer in proximity to its terminal portion. Further, it is
     possible to attach re-adhesive substance, which is produced by milling for
     patterning of the ferromagnetic tunnel junction film, to a specific
     terminal surface of the ferromagnetic tunnel junction film which is
     opposite to an ABS plane. Those measures provide a bypass allowing
     overcurrent release between the free layer and fixing layer. Moreover,
     adjustment milling or plasma oxidation is employed to control an amount of
     the re-adhesive substance being attached to the terminal surface of the
     ferromagnetic tunnel junction film. Thus, by adequately optimizing the
     amount of the re-adhesive substance, it is possible to improve yield in
     manufacturing the magnetoresistive heads."
"A magnetoresistive element includes a nonmagnetic conductive layer, first
     and second ferromagnetic layers which are conductive and which sandwich
     the nonmagnetic conductive layer, an antiferromagnetic layer magnetically
     coupled to the first ferromagnetic layer for fixing the magnetization
     direction of the first ferromagnetic layer, a bias layer magnetically
     coupled to the second ferromagnetic layer for aligning the magnetization
     direction of the second ferromagnetic layer in a direction crossing to the
     magnetization direction of the first ferromagnetic layer, and a pair of
     electrode layers for applying a sensing current to the first and second
     ferromagnetic layers and the nonmagnetic conductive layer. The
     antiferromagnetic layer, the first ferromagnetic layer, the nonmagnetic
     conductive layer, the second ferromagnetic layer, and the bias layer are
     deposited in that order. The pair of electrode layers are disposed on both
     ends of the bias layer, and the bias layer at a position which is not
     covered by the pair of electrode layers is modified to form a nonmagnetic
     layer for determining a track width. A method of fabricating the
     magnetoresistive element is also disclosed."
"A spin valve (SV) magnetoresistive sensor is provided having an AP-pinned
     layer, an AP-coupled free layer and a non-magnetic electrically conductive
     spacer layer sandwiched between the AP-pinned layer and the free layer.
     The AP-pinned layer comprises first and second ferromagnetic layers
     separated by an antiparallel coupling (APC) layer. The AP-coupled free
     layer comprises a third ferromagnetic layer of Co--Fe adjacent to the
     spacer layer, a fourth ferromagnetic layer of Co--Fe--Hf--O and an APC
     layer sandwiched between the third and fourth ferromagnetic layers. The
     easy axis of the Co--Fe third ferromagnetic layer has a transverse
     orientation while the easy axis of the Co--Fe--Hf--O fourth ferromagnetic
     layer has a longitudinal orientation due to its higher thermal stability
     resulting in a low net intrinsic uniaxial anisotropy H.sub.k for the
     AP-coupled free layer. The Co--Fe--Hf--O material of the fourth
     ferromagnetic layer has high resistivity resulting in reduced sense
     current shunting by the free layer. In addition, the metal oxide material
     of the fourth ferromagnetic layer is known to cause specular scattering of
     electrons. The reduced sense current shunting and the specular scattering
     of electrons both contribute to improving the GMR coefficient of the SV
     sensor."
"A magneto-resistive thin film magnetic head is provided, which magnetic
     head includes: a base; a first yoke provided on the base and separated by
     a gap into first and second portions, the first portion including a side
     which opposes a magnetic recording medium; a magneto-resistive element
     which is magnetically coupled to the first and second portions of the
     first yoke and detects a magnetic recording signal; a second yoke formed
     on the first yoke so as to form a reproducing head gap between the first
     portion of the first yoke and the second yoke; and a third yoke provided
     between the first portion of the first yoke and the base so as to be
     magnetically coupled to the first portion of the first yoke. The
     reproducing head gap, the first portion of the first yoke, the
     magneto-resistive element, the second portion of the first yoke, ad the
     second yoke form a cut magnetic circuit."
"In a composite magnetic head comprising a magnetoresistive read head
     including a magnetic thin film having a magnetoresistive effect and soft
     magnetic members interposing the soft magnetic film between them through a
     non-magnetic insulation layer, an induction type write head-including
     poles formed in a moving direction of a medium and a conductor crossing
     the poles, and disposed in the proximity of the magnetoresistive head, and
     a substrate supporting these heads, the present invention discloses a
     composite magnetic head characterized in that part of a floating surface
     inclusive of the magnetic head constituent members has recesses and the
     read/write operations to and from the medium are effected by the portion
     interposed by these recesses."
"Apparatus and method for compensating for position signal distortion during
     a disc drive seek. A disc drive has first and second data recording
     surfaces on which tracks are defined, a moveable actuator which supports
     first and second magneto-resistive heads, and a servo circuit which
     applies current to an actuator motor to position the heads. During a seek
     in which the first head is moved from an initial track to a first
     destination track, upon loss of transduced servo data from the first data
     recording surface indicative of radial position of the head, the servo
     circuit switches from the first head to the second head and applies
     current to the actuator motor to move the second head to a known radial
     position with respect to the first destination track while transducing
     servo data from the second data recording surface. The servo circuit
     subsequently switches back to the first head to position the first head
     over the first destination track."
"A magneto-resistive device and a magneto-resistive effect type storage
     device are provided, which have improved selectivity and output signals by
     controlling bias to be applied. Two resistive devices are connected in
     series, and a magneto-resistive device is used for at least one of the
     resistive devices. When both of the resistive devices are
     magneto-resistive devices, their magnetic resistance should be controlled
     independently from each other, and by allowing the first magneto-resistive
     device to include a nonmagnetic substance of an electrical insulator and
     the second magneto-resistive device to include a nonmagnetic substance of
     a conductive substance, the second magneto-resistive device is operated as
     a bias control device for controlling the characteristics of the first
     magneto-resistive device so as to control the voltage to be applied to the
     storage device. Furthermore, when the other resistive device is configured
     to be a varistor type device, bias from the non-selected storage device is
     suppressed to improve the selectivity of the storage device."
"A device and method for monitoring intracranial pressure during magnetic
     resonance (MR) image-guided neurosurgical procedures, such as intracranial
     drug delivery procedures, wherein an MR-compatible microsensor pressure
     transducer coupled to a pressure sensing diaphragm located a) at the tip,
     b) on a lateral side, and/or c) in multiple locations of an MR-compatible
     catheter is inserted into a lateral cerebral ventricle, cerebral cistern,
     subarachnoid space, subdural or extradural spaces, venous sinuses, or
     intraparenchymal tissue locations under MR imaging guidance, and is used
     to record intracranial pressures over hours to days in patients undergoing
     diagnostic or therapeutic neurologic interventions."
"In a magnetoresistive head, a marking layer is formed on at least one of
     the upper side of an upper shielding layer and the lower side of a lower
     shielding layer so as to be opposed to a magnetoresistive sensor layer.
     The leading ends of the magnetoresistive sensor layer and the marking
     layer are exposed at a medium-sliding surface on which a recording medium
     slides, and the leading end of the marking layer is shaped so that the
     length thereof in the widthwise direction is equal to the length from the
     leading end to the rear end of the magnetoresistive sensor layer. The
     center in the widthwise direction of the marking layer is placed on a
     straight line which intersects the magnetoresistive sensor layer via the
     center in the widthwise direction of the magnetoresistive sensor layer."
"The magnetoresistive device of the present invention includes: at least two
     magnetic layers stacked via a non-magnetic layer therebetween; and a metal
     reflective layer of conduction electrons formed so as to be in contact
     with at least one of outermost two layers of the magnetic layers. The
     metal reflective layer is in contact with one surface of the outermost
     magnetic layer which is opposite to the other surface of the outermost
     magnetic layer in contact with the non-magnetic layer. The metal
     reflective layer is likely to reflect conduction electrons while
     maintaining a spin direction of electrons."
"A hard disk drive head operates in close proximity and dynamic contact with
     a rapidly spinning rigid disk surface, the head including a transducer
     with a magnetically permeable path between a poletip disposed adjacent to
     the disk surface and a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor situated outside the
     range of thermal noise generated by the surface contact. The magnetically
     permeable path is the same as that used to write data to the disk,
     eliminating errors that occur in conventional transducers having MR
     sensors at a separate location from the writing poletips. Moreover, the
     magnetically permeable path is preferably formed in a low profile, highly
     efficient ""planar"" loop that allows for manufacturing tolerances in throat
     height and wear of the terminal poletips from disk contact without poletip
     saturation or poletip smearing. The MR layer is formed in one of the first
     manufacturing steps atop the substrate, so that the MR layer has a
     relatively uniform planar template that is free from contaminants. A
     preferred embodiment has a laminated yoke for improved high frequency
     efficiency, with the MR element situated between the yoke lamina for
     improved sensitivity."
"A multi-channel phased array coil for use in a magnetic resonance (MR)
     system is disclosed herein. The phased array coil includes N coils
     configured in an array, each of the N coils having a geometric shape and
     overlapping with (N-1) coils to form an overlap area within the array. The
     geometric shape of each of the coils and the overlap area are configured
     to cause a mutual inductance between every pair of the coils to be less
     than 10 percent of the self-inductance of each of the N coils. At least
     four coils are provided in the phased array coil."
"An electronic element, in particular a chip element, with at least one
     first magnetoresistive element that is disposed on a substrate and
     fulfills a sensor function and with at least one second magnetoresistive
     element that is disposed on the substrate and fulfills a memory function."
"In a device for measuring an angle .phi. between a magnetic field and an MR
     sensor (1) which supplies at least two electrical sensor signals x and y
     mutually 90.degree. phase-shifted, which are supplied to an A/D converter
     (4) whose output is connected to an angle calculating device (6), the
     absolute sensor signal value .vertline.r.vertline. of the two sensor
     signals x and y is determined from the equation
     .vertline.r.vertline.=y.sup.2 +x.sup.2 in a total calculation device (7)
     for the purpose of an automatic and continuous offset compensation of the
     static and dynamic offsets, and the change in the absolute sensor signal
     value is determined therefrom in dependence on the calculated angle,
     whereupon an offset control of the sensor signals x and y is carried out
     in dependence on said change in absolute value."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) transducer has at least one insulative layer made
     of tetrahedral amorphous carbon (ta-C). The ta-C layer is formed by
     filtered cathodic arc deposition, has an essentially zero concentration of
     hydrogen and can serve as a read gap for the transducer. The hydrogen-free
     t-aC read gap has high thermal conductivity, keeping an adjoining MR
     sensor from overheating during operation. This extends sensor lifetimes
     and/or improves sensor performance. The read gap also has low defects and
     porosity, preventing unwanted electrical conduction or shorting between a
     sensor and a shield. The high hardness of the read gap resists plasma and
     chemical etching processes such as ion milling that are used to form the
     sensor. The increased hardness and reduced defects and porosity allow the
     read gaps to be made thinner without risking electrical shorting. Other
     hydrogen-free t-aC layers are employed for other sensor elements where
     electrical insulation and reduced thickness are important."
"A magneto-resistive memory that has a shared word line and sense line is
     disclosed. By providing the shared word line and sense line, the number of
     relatively large drivers required to drive the word line and sense line
     currents can be reduced. This reduces the peripheral overhead of the
     memory, and may increase the overall density and reduce the overall power
     of the memory."
"In a method for the operation of a MR tomography apparatus the MR
     tomography apparatus determines anatomical landmarks in the examination
     subject on the basis of a specific diagnostic interrogatory prescribed by
     the user. Measuring parameters for following MR measurements are defined
     automatically on the basis of these landmarks."
"There is disclosed a magnetoresistive tunnel junction element comprising a
     tunnel multilayered film in which a tunnel barrier layer, and a
     ferromagnetic free layer and a ferromagnetic pinned layer formed to
     sandwich the tunnel barrier layer therebetween are laminated, wherein a
     pinning layer for pinning magnetization of the ferromagnetic pinned layer
     is laminated on the surface of the ferromagnetic pinned layer opposite to
     the surface thereof contacting the tunnel barrier layer, a bias magnetic
     field applying layer is formed on the surface of the ferromagnetic free
     layer opposite to the surface thereof contacting the tunnel barrier layer,
     the bias magnetic field applying layer is a laminate of a nonmagnetic
     noble metal layer and an antiferromagnetic layer, and the ferromagnetic
     free layer is magnetically exchange-coupled to the antiferromagnetic layer
     via the nonmagnetic noble metal layer so that a bias magnetic field can be
     applied to the ferromagnetic free layer, and therefore stability of a
     magnetization rotating operation of the free layer with respect to a
     magnetic field signal is superior."
"The present invention is intended to improve the linear response
     characteristics of resistance changes to the magnetic field. According to
     the present invention, an MR sensing element 10 comprises a sensing
     pattern 12 consisting of a magnetoresistive layer whose resistance changes
     in accordance with the direction of magnetization M, and an electrode
     layer for applying a sense current J to the sensing pattern 12. The
     sensing pattern 12 is formed to be of circular shape. According to the
     present invention, since the demagnetic field within the sensing pattern
     is made constant with respect to the direction of the magnetization M, the
     improved linear response characteristics of resistance changes to an
     external magnetic field Hs can be realized."
"A technique for converting asymmetric waveforms into symmetric ones. The
     technique is used in disk drive read channels which receive asymmetric
     waveforms from magnetoresistive heads. Conversion of these waveforms into
     symmetric ones results in improved bit error rate of the read channel. The
     correction technique can be used for any general asymmetry transfer
     function, and in any general application where the correction of
     asymmetric waveforms is needed. The technique involves splitting the input
     signal into two rectified paths and applying correction independently on
     each of the paths."
"Two sensor units are formed from magnetoresistive material. Elements of the
     first sensor unit have a total anisotropy field in a first direction.
     Elements of the second sensor unit have a total anisotropy field in a
     second direction. An integral coil sets a direction of magnetization in
     the elements of the first and second sensor units. An output of the first
     sensor unit is representative of magnetic field components perpendicular
     to the first direction and an output of the second sensor is
     representative of magnetic field components perpendicular to the second
     direction."
"A magnetoresistive device including a high-resistivity layer (13), a first
     magnetic layer (12) and a second magnetic layer (14), the first magnetic
     layer (12) and the second magnetic layer (14) being arranged so as to
     sandwich the high-resistivity layer (13), wherein the high-resistivity
     layer (13) is a barrier for passing tunneling electrons between the first
     magnetic layer (12) and the second magnetic layer (14), and contains at
     least one element L.sub.ONC selected from oxygen, nitrogen and carbon; at
     least one layer A selected from the first magnetic layer (12) and the
     second magnetic layer (14) contains at least one metal element M selected
     from Fe, Ni and Co, and an element R.sub.CP different from the metal
     element M; and the element R.sub.CP combines with the element L.sub.ONC
     more easily in terms of energy than the metal element M. Accordingly, a
     novel magnetoresistive device having a low junction resistance and a high
     MR can be obtained."
"To present a manufacturing method of a magneto-resistive effect type head
     capable of manufacturing a magneto-resistive effect type head with
     stabilized head characteristics. A magneto-resistive effect type head is
     manufactured in a method comprising a step of forming a magneto-resistive
     effect film (30) in a trapezoidal shape (30A) having a specified abutting
     angle .theta.1 by means of ion milling through a resist mask of overhang
     structure, a step of forming bias magnet films (31) for filling in sides
     of the magneto-resistive effect film (30), and a step of forming an
     electrode film (33) to overlap partly with the magneto-resistive effect
     film (30) through the resist mask. The angle of the ion milling is
     5.degree. or less to the normal of the substrate surface. The angle of ion
     beam sputtering when forming the electrode film (33) is 30.degree. or less
     to the normal of the substrate surface. At the step of for forming the
     trapezoidal shape (30A), the anti-ferromagnetic layer is etched to the
     position of 30% or less of its depth. A TiW film of 3 nm to 5 nm in
     thickness is used inn the base film (32) of the bias magnet film (31)."
"A thin-film magnetic head includes a nonmagnetic lower gap layer, a
     nonmagnetic upper gap layer, a magnetoresistive layer, an electrode layer,
     and an intermediate gap layer. The magnetoresistive layer and the
     electrode layer are formed between the lower gap layer and the upper gap
     layer. The intermediate gap layer is disposed between the lower gap layer
     and the upper gap layer, and is formed in the region at both sides of the
     magnetoresistive layer in the track width direction and/or in the region
     behind the magnetoresistive layer in the depth direction. The length of
     the magnetoresistive layer in the depth direction is first determined, the
     width of the magnetoresistive layer in the track width direction is
     determined, and then the hard magnetic bias layers and the electrode
     layers are formed."
"A read channel for use in a disk drive having an MR head. The read channel
     comprises a compensation device which has a high-pass filter (HPF) for
     compensating a thermal asperity (TA). The read channel suppresses level
     changes of a data signal which have resulted from TA disturbance present
     in the data signal. The read channel has a switch circuit connected to the
     input of the HPF, for canceling the DC undershoot present in the data
     signal. The switch circuit maintains the DC level of the data signal at
     zero level while a thermal asperity is being detected in the data signal."
"A magnetic sensor is constructed to be capable of detecting the change of
     tunnel current due to co-tunneling effect at a high S/N ratio by using a
     tunneling magneto-resistive element having a first magnetic layer of a
     soft magnetic material formed on a flat substrate, first and second tunnel
     barrier layers formed on the first magnetic layer, magnetic particles of a
     ferromagnetic material provided between the first and second tunnel
     barrier layers, and a second magnetic layer of a soft magnetic material
     formed on the second tunnel barrier layer so as to create tunneling
     junctions."
"A method of manufacturing a magnetic recording head includes the following
     steps. Form a low magnetic moment, first magnetic shield layer over a
     substrate. Form a read gap layer with a magnetoresistive head over the
     first shield layer. Form a seed layer over the read gap layer covered with
     a frame mask with a width ""F"". Form a PLM second shield layer over the
     seed layer and planarize the shield layer. Form a non-magnetic copper or
     dielectric spacer layer over the PLM second shield layer. Form a first
     HMM, lower pole layer over the non-magnetic spacer layer. Cover the first
     HMM, lower pole layer with a write gap layer. Form an write head mask
     composed of two parallel rows of resist with an outer width ""W"" over the
     seed layer. Between the two rows of resist of the write head mask is a
     trench having a width ""N"". Then form an HMM, upper pole layer over the
     write gap layer aside from the write head mask. Outside of the write head
     mask remove the upper pole layer and shape the lower pole layer by an IBE
     process."
"A low power, high speed magneto-resistive memory is disclosed. The
     disclosed memory directly senses the resistive state of one or more
     magneto-resistive memory elements. This allows the memory to be read
     during a single read cycle, without the need for a word line current. This
     may substantially increase the speed and reduce the power of the memory."
"A semiconductor memory device is provided, which comprises a plurality of
     memory cells comprised of: a first MOS transistor and a second MOS
     transistor of which sources are grounded and of which gates are connected
     to the respective drains, a first magnetoresistive element inserted
     between the drain of the first MOS transistor and a power source line, and
     a second magnetoresistive element inserted between the drain of the second
     MOS transistor and the power source line, a first write unit for applying
     a predetermined voltage to the gate of the first MOS transistor and the
     gate of the second MOS transistor in accordance with write information
     with respect to the memory cell, and a read unit for reading the
     information written in the memory cell by detecting the potential of the
     drain of the first transistor and the drain of the second MOS transistor."
"In summary, preferred embodiments disclose a system, method, and program
     for determining a value for non-mechanical noise within a disk drive
     system. The non-mechanical noise is likely related to instability in a
     head which reads data from a magnetic surface within the disk drive
     system. First, a sample of position error signals (PES) indicating
     non-repeatable runouts (NRRO) is provided from read operations within the
     disk drive system. Spectral analysis is then performed on the provided
     samples to calculate non-filtered power values for the NRRO values at
     different frequencies. A filtered power spectrum is determined within a
     frequency range excluding mechanical noise. A filtered power value is
     calculated from the determined filtered power spectrum within the
     frequency range excluding mechanical noise. The calculated filtered power
     value may be compared against a predetermined value to determine whether
     to reject the disk drive system on the grounds that there is too much
     non-mechanical noise or noise related to instabilities and defects in the
     MR head."
"A magnetoresistive element input circuit includes a first resistor
     connected between a magnetoresistive (MR) element and a first power
     source. A first current source is connected between the MR element and a
     second power source and supplies a DC bias current to the MR element in an
     active mode. A second resistor is connected between the MR element and the
     first current source. A capacitor is connected to a node between the
     second resistor and the first current source and to the first power
     supply. A differential amplifier is connected to the MR element. A voltage
     supply circuit is connected to the node and supplies the node with a
     voltage, when the input circuit is in an inactive mode, which is
     substantially equal to the voltage supplied to the node when the input
     circuit is in the active mode."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) imaging system equipped with real-time imaging
     capability and methods of interactively prescribing geometry to excitation
     profiles of structure of interest, are disclosed herein. The MR imaging
     system includes a graphical user interface for displaying and receiving
     prescription commands, a display screen for displaying MR images and the
     graphical user interface, and an input device for inputting prescription
     commands. The MR imaging system allows an operator to prescribe the
     boundary geometry of a subsequent imaging volume and to rapidly view the
     prescribed boundary imaging sections prior to committing to the subsequent
     imaging volume acquisition. The MR imaging system also allows the operator
     to retrieve boundary geometry of a previously prescribed imaging volume
     and to rapidly view the imaging sections corresponding to the retrieved
     boundary geometry prior to initiating the image volume acquisition."
"A process for resetting or initially establishing the magnetic orientation
     of one or more spin valves in a magnetoresistive read head with improved
     robustness. The spin valve includes subcomponents such as an
     antiferromagnetic layer, a ferromagnetic pinned layer, a conductive layer,
     a free layer, and a hard bias layer. A first external magnetic field is
     first applied to the spin valve sensor, this field having a first
     orientation relative to the spin valve sensor. During application of the
     first external magnetic field, a pulse of electrical current is directed
     through the spin valve sensor in a first direction, preferably parallel to
     the magnetic orientation of the external field. The current waveform
     brings the antiferromagnetic layer of the spin valve past its blocking
     temperature, freeing its magnetic orientation. The first external field
     exerts a robust bias upon the antiferromagnetic layer in the desired
     direction. Depending upon its flow direction, the current pulse may
     contribute an internal magnetic field that cooperates in magnetically
     biasing the antiferromagnetic layer as desired. After the current pulse,
     the antiferromagnetic layer cools below its blocking temperature,
     retaining the desired biasing. After the first external field is removed,
     and a second external magnetic field may be applied to the spin valve
     sensor for a predetermined time. The second external field is oriented to
     magnetically direct the hard bias layer of the sensor, thereby
     establishing the quiescent magnetization of the sensor's ferromagnetic
     free layer."
"At least two magnetoresistors laid out perpendicularly are used. These
     magnetoresistors are installed in a bridge, the measurement signal being
     taken from the mid-point of the bridge. This signal is linear over a very
     wide range. Application to measurement of the orientation of a magnetic
     field or the angular position of an object."
"A magnetic recording medium having on a flexible, nonmagnetic support, in
     order, a lower layer comprising a nonmagnetic powder and a binder, and a
     magnetic layer comprising a ferromagnetic powder and a binder. The average
     thickness d of the magnetic layer is 0.02-0.2 .mu.m. The ferromagnetic
     powder contained in the magnetic layer is a platelike hexagonal ferrite
     magnetic powder with a mean plate diameter of not more than 40 nm. The
     nonmagnetic powder contained in the lower layer is an acicular inorganic
     powder with a mean main axis length of not more than 0.2 .mu.m. Further,
     the plate ratio of the ferromagnetic powder is not greater than the
     acicular ratio of the lower layer inorganic powder. A particulate magnetic
     recording material exhibiting a high C/N in high-density magnetic
     recording, particularly in reproduction with MR heads is provided."
"The present invention relates to a magneto-resistive tunnel junction read
     head having a multi-layer tunnel junction composed of a tunnel barrier
     layer sandwiched between a ferromagnetic free layer and a ferromagnetic
     pinned layer. Contiguous with the free layer is a hybrid,
     low-magnetization, T-shaped flux guide having a rear flux guide portion
     and a more narrow front flux guide portion. The front flux guide portion
     constitutes a part of an ABS (Air Bearing Surface). The rear portion
     entirely covers and overlaps the tunnel junction. The hybrid flux guide
     has a lower magnetization -than the sensing layer due to the addition of
     magnetization reducing elements such as Ta or Nb. Using this design, a
     tunnel junction read head has improved read performance and achieves a
     high and stable head output for adaptation to ultrahigh density recording."
"A cobalt iron hafnium oxide (CoFeHfO) layer is employed in a pinned layer
     structure of a top or bottom simple pinned or antiparallel (AP) pinned
     spin valve sensor for increasing a demagnetization field from the pinned
     layer structure which will improve biasing of a free layer structure in
     the spin valve sensor with minimal shunting of the sense current I.sub.S
     through the spin valve sensor because of its high resistance. The
     demagnetization field from the pinned layer structure opposes a typically
     high sense current field due to the sense current so as to zero bias the
     spin valve sensor with a magnetic moment of the free layer structure
     oriented parallel to an air bearing surface of the sensor. The cobalt iron
     (CoFe) content in the cobalt iron hafnium oxide (CoFeHfO) layer increases
     the magnetoresistance of the sense current due to its proximity to the
     spacer layer and the oxygen content in the layer causes specular
     reflection of conduction electrons through the sensor for still further
     increasing the magnetoresistance."
"A recording head for use with magnetic recording media includes a current
     perpendicular to plane (CPP) type giant magnetoresistive (GMR) read
     element, with the alternating magnetic and nonmagnetic layers within the
     GMR read element either perpendicular or angled to the read head's
     shields. This structure maximizes the number of alternating layers within
     the GMR read element, and minimizes the area available for flow of the
     test current. Both total resistance of the GMR element, and the change in
     resistance as a function of changes in magnetic flux, relative to total
     resistance, are thereby increased. The sensitivity of the GMR read element
     is thereby increased, permitting storage of information within magnetic
     recording media at greater densities. The invention also includes a method
     of manufacturing a read head using such a GMR element."
"A dual spin valve magnetoresistive structure having a free layer and a
     spacer layer between the free layer and a pinned layer. The pinned layer
     is between the spacer layer and the antiferromagnetic layer. There is also
     an offset layer, where the antiferromagnetic layer is between the offset
     layer and the pinned layer. The offset layer is tailored to introduce a
     first magnetic field that reduces a net magnetic field within said free
     layer."
"The power of a device under test (DUT) is monitored without reliance on
     dedicated current and voltage monitoring signals available from a
     semiconductor test unit. One or more magneto-resistive current sensors are
     provided external to, and in between the DUT and a power source. The
     current sensor(s) provide a detection signal proportional to the current
     drawn by the device from the power source. A monitoring circuit multiplies
     the detected current by the core voltage supply to the DUT to obtain a
     signal representative of the power of the device. The power signal is
     provided to a control circuit that operates a heat exchanger, such as on
     active conductive heat exchanger, to adjust the temperature of the device
     based on the signal representative of the power of the device. In this way
     the temperature of the DUT can be maintained at or near a constant set
     point."
"A vehicle rollover sensor 10 is provided, including a movable member free
     12 free to rotate about a single axis 14. The movable member 12 includes
     an inertial mass 18. A magnet 22 is mounted to the movable member 12. The
     vehicle rollover sensor 10 further includes a magnetoresistive sensor 24
     capable of sensing changes in the magnetic field due to changes in the
     orientation of the moveable member 12."
"An spin valve sensor is provided with a ferromagnetic free layer, a
     ferromagnetic pinned layer, and a nonferromagnetic spacer layer separating
     the free layer and the pinned layer. The magneto resistance of the spin
     valve sensor is increased by increasing the thickness of the pinned layer.
     To counter a magnetic field induced in the free layer by the thicker
     pinned layer, a biasing layer is used. The bias layer helps achieve a
     desired orientation of the magnetic fields of the free layer and the
     pinned layer to be offset by 90 degrees in the absence of an external
     magnetic field. The bias layer is located to a side of the pinned layer
     opposite the free layer. The bias layer is selected to be magnetically
     soft and to have a high resistivity and may be formed of CoFe or CoHfNbFe.
     The thickness of the bias layer is selected to be approximately equivalent
     to the increase in thickness of the free layer from a previously biased
     amount."
"There is provided a magnetoresistive head which is capable of suppressing
     the fluctuation of read output while ensuring a sufficient dielectric
     breakdown voltage of the shielding portions by constituting the shielding
     portions with a Co-based material. Namely, the lower shield film is formed
     of a 2-ply composite film wherein the film (12') of the lower shield film
     which is disposed contacting with the lower gap insulation film (13) is
     constituted by an amorphous soft magnetic film, while the film (12) which
     is disposed away from the lower gap insulation film is constituted by a
     crystalline soft magnetic film, thereby making it possible to suppress the
     fluctuation of read output even if the gap is narrowed without
     deteriorating the yield relative to the dielectric breakdown."
"A magneto-resistive effect type magnetic head (12) has a head width Wh
     greater than the track width Wt of a magnetic tape (5), as measured in the
     width direction of the tape (5). The head (12) has a magneto-resistive
     effect element, which has a magnetism-detecting section arranged at the
     prescribed azimuth angle. A signal reproduced from the magnetic tape as
     the head (12) is moved while off-tracked in the widthwise direction Wh of
     the recording track T.sub.1. The signal has a specific characteristic that
     falls within a predetermined range for a reference value, provided that it
     has been generated from the magnetism the head (12) has detected over its
     effective width We."
"A rotating drum assembly, and a magnetic recording/reproducing apparatus
     including the rotating drum assembly, are provided. The rotating drum
     assembly comprises a cylindrical rotating drum; a magneto-resistive head
     installed on the rotating drum to project at least a part thereof from the
     outer surface of the rotating drum; and a tape-contact piece installed on
     the rotating drum so as to project from the outer surface of the rotating
     drum and to be in contact with the surface of a magnetic tape; the
     tape-contact piece being formed to have a larger tape-contact width than
     that of the magneto-resistive head and disposed to be in earlier contact
     with the magnetic tape than the magneto-resistive head."
"A new embedded-servo format is proposed for use in disk drives, preferably
     hard disk drives. It is based on biphase modulation (more generally,
     p-phase modulation, where p&gt;1) and offers significant advantages, in
     terms of SNR and timing content, over existing formats. It is shown that
     for biphase, at the low linear densities typically employed for servo
     information, near maximum-likelihood performance may be attained by a
     simple bit-detector consisting of a full-response linear equalizer and a
     binary slicer. When compared with an optimal detector for the commonly
     used technique of dibit signalling, a SNR gain of some 4 dB is achieved.
     The same equalizer may be used as the basis for near-maximum-likelihood
     Position Error Signal (PES) amplitude estimation and timing recovery.
     Investigations carried out on a practical servo demodulator based on a 5th
     order analog filter show that, at typical linear densities, this ideal
     performance is closely approached. The equalizer has a band-pass character
     and yields excellent suppression of the effects of thermal asperities and
     magneto resistive (MR) head asymmetry."
"A method and system for providing a magnetoresistive sensor for reading
     data from a recording media is disclosed. The method and system include
     providing at least one barrier layer and a free layer having at least one
     edge. The at least one edge of the free layer is adjacent to the at least
     one barrier layer. The free layer is ferromagnetic and has a low
     coercivity. The method and system also include providing at least one hard
     magnetic layer. The at least one hard magnetic layer has a coercivity
     greater than the free layer coercivity. The at least one barrier layer is
     disposed between the at least one hard magnetic layer and the free layer.
     The at least one barrier layer is sufficiently thin to allow tunneling of
     charge carriers between the at least one hard magnetic layer and the free
     layer."
"In fabricating magnetic heads on a wafer surface, magnetoresistive sensors
     having two different stripe heights and the same stripe width are formed.
     Additionally, two different electronic lapping guides (ELGs) having
     different stripe heights and the same stripe width are also formed. While
     the design widths and heights of the sensors and ELGs are known, the
     actually fabricated widths and heights of the sensors and ELGs is unknown,
     due to the windage in the fabrication process. In the present invention,
     to determine the actual track width of the sensors, the change in
     electrical resistance of the sensors and ELGs is experimentally determined
     during the application of a magnetic field to the sensors and ELGs.
     Through a mathematical analysis, the actual track width of the fabricated
     sensors is determined utilizing the design widths and heights of the
     sensors and ELGs, together with the experimentally determined changes in
     electrical resistance of the sensors and ELGs."
"In a radiation detector: a CsI:Tl (or CsI:Na) scintillator receives a
     number X of radiation quantums for each pixel, and emits a number L of
     photons constituting fluorescent light in response to each radiation
     quantum; photoelectric converters containing Si (or Se) as a main
     component are arranged corresponding to respective pixels to receive the
     fluorescent light with an entrance efficiency T, and generate charges when
     the fluorescent light is detected; and a capacitor is connected to each
     photoelectric converter, and stores the charges generated by the
     photoelectric converter. When the radiation detector receives a 10 to 300
     mR dose of the radiation, the numbers X and L, the entrance efficiency T,
     the fill factor F and the photoelectric conversion efficiency .eta. of
     each photoelectric converter, and the maximum storable charge amount Q of
     the capacitor satisfy a relationship
     X.multidot.L.multidot.T.multidot.F.multidot..eta..ltoreq.Q."
"A cylindrical rotating member is provided with a magnetic element, which
     are an object that is detected, on the outer surface thereof. The magnetic
     element is led around the rotating member by one turn and is at an angle
     relative to the rotating direction of the rotating member in an
     approximately linear manner. End portions of the magnetic element are
     disposed at approximately the same position in the radial direction of the
     rotating member. Magnetoresistive elements are arranged in a direction
     perpendicular to the rotating direction of the magnetic element (in other
     words, axial direction of the rotating member) with a gap therebetween and
     oppose the magnetic element."
"A magnetoresistive random access memory architecture free of isolation
     devices includes a plurality of data columns of non-volatile
     magnetoresistive elements. A reference column includes non-volatile
     magnetoresistive elements positioned adjacent to the data column. Each
     column is connected to a current conveyor. A selected data current
     conveyor and the reference current conveyor are connected to inputs of a
     differential amplifier for differentially comparing a data voltage to a
     reference voltage. The current conveyors are connected directly to the
     ends of the data and reference bitlines. This specific arrangement allows
     the current conveyors to be clamped to the same voltage which reduces or
     removes sneak circuits to substantially reduce leakage currents."
"A method and system for providing a magnetoresistive head that reads data
     from a recording media is disclosed. The method and system include
     providing a first shield, a second shield, a magnetoresistive sensor, at
     least one insulating bias layer and a lead. The first shield has a first
     end, a central portion and a second end. The first end is closer to the
     recording media during use than the second end. The second shield has a
     first end, a central portion, and a second end. The first end of the
     second shield is preferably separated from the first end of the first
     shield by a read gap. The central portion of the second shield is
     preferably separated from the central portion of the first shield by a
     distance that is greater than the read gap. The magnetoresistive sensor is
     disposed between the first shield and the second shield and has a front
     end and a back end. The front end of the magnetoresistive sensor is
     electrically coupled with the first end of the first shield or the first
     end of the second shield. The at least one insulating bias layer is
     magnetically coupled to the magnetoresistive sensor and magnetically
     biases at least a portion of the magnetoresistive sensor. The lead is
     electrically coupled with the back end of the magnetoresistive sensor.
     Thus, current is driven through the magnetoresistive sensor in a direction
     substantially perpendicular to the recording media during use."
"A current perpendicular-to-the-plane magnetoresistance (CPP-MR) read head
     includes a top shield, a bottom shield, and a giant magnetoresistance
     structure. Top and bottom shields are formed of magnetically shielding,
     electrically conductive material. The GMR structure is disposed between
     the top shield and the bottom shield with the GMR structure being in
     electrical contact with the top and bottom shield such that a sense
     current flows from one of the top and bottom shields through the GMR
     structure to the other one of the top and bottom shields. A metal pillar
     is electrically connected to one of the top and bottom shields. The metal
     pillar carries the sense current and is disposed such that the current
     flows in a direction generally perpendicular-to-the-plane of the GMR
     structure. Depending on the particular application, the read head can be
     configured so that current flowing in the metal pillar provides either a
     longitudinal or a transverse bias to the giant magnetoresistance
     structure."
"A magnetic storage apparatus exploits the inherent characteristics of a
     magnetoresistive element to improve the performance of a magnetic head
     employing the element. Variations in element height or element thickness
     of the magnetoresistive element are considered in the selection of a sense
     current appropriate to the element size, by measuring the voltage between
     the terminals of the magnetoresistive head and controlling the sense
     current so that the output reference voltage approaches a predetermined
     value. In another embodiment, the sense current is controlled so that the
     voltage amplitude or a reference amplitude are set to a predetermined
     value. In both embodiments, a conversion table is preferably used to
     relate voltage amplitudes with sense currents, whereby an appropriate
     sense current is selected based upon the voltage amplitude."
"A bias current for a magnetoresistive read head is selected by defining a
     tuning range based on a maximum and a minimum bias current value for the
     head. A plurality of read operations are iteratively performed using a
     different bias current value over the tuning range for each iteration. The
     results of each read iteration are measured and a bias current is selected
     on the basis of the read error rates, and particularly those bias currents
     associated with the lowest read error rate."
"A magnetoresistor voltage divider includes a bottom layer disposed on a
     substrate. A middle layer is disposed on the bottom layer. A top layer is
     disposed on the middle layer. The bottom and top layer are resistive
     layers and the middle layer is an insulating layer. A common terminal is
     connected to the bottom layer and the top layer. A reference resistor
     terminal is connected to the bottom layer only. Moreover, a sensing MR
     terminal is connected to the top layer only. Accordingly, a sensing MR is
     established between the common terminal and the sensing MR terminal and a
     reference resistor is established between the common terminal and the
     reference resistor terminal. Thus, the sensing MR is stacked on top of the
     reference resistor."
"A tunnel junction having a topography and/or interface layers that enhance
     its magneto-resistance. The topography of the tunnel junction maximizes
     spin tunneling from areas of ferromagnetic crystalline grains having high
     polarization and minimizes the effects of defect scattering at grain
     boundaries. The interface layers enhance magnetic polarization properties
     of ferromagnetic layers near interfaces to an insulating layer in a tunnel
     junction."
"In a magnetic storage apparatus including a recording medium having a
     magnetic layer, a seed layer and an underlayer formed on a substrate, a
     driver for driving the recording medium, a magnetic head having an
     inductive recording head and a magnetoresistive reproducing head, and a
     signal processing system for processing input signals to the magnetic head
     and output signals from the magnetic head, the seed layer comprises an
     amorphous alloy or a microcrystal alloy containing Ni, Ta and Zr, the
     underlayer comprises an alloy containing Cr as a main component and Ti,
     and the magnetic layer has a first magnetic layer in contact with the
     underlayer and a second magnetic layer on the first magnetic layer. The
     first magnetic layer comprises a Co--Cr--Pt alloy and the second magnetic
     layer comprises Co--Cr--Pt--B alloy, both of a substantially hexagonal
     close-packed structure."
"MR lymphography depicts lymph liquid that flows through lymphatic vessels
     and lymph nodes, such liquids can easily be depicted with no contrast
     agent. An effective echo time (TE.sub.eff) of a pulse sequence is selected
     to depict the desired lymph liquid. The effective echo time is determined
     to be relatively long as compared to the T1 relaxation time of blood. For
     example, an effective echo time may be in the range of 120 to 800 msec
     when a pulse sequence is based on the FAST method. In this case, it is
     preferred that an echo train spacing (ETS) is relatively short, for
     example, ETS=3 to 10 msec. The pulse sequence is performed and an MR
     signal generated in response to the pulse sequence is acquired. From the
     MR signal, an image is produced wherein the lymph is highlighted while
     vessels providing a background are also depicted, although the contrast of
     the background vessel is kept lower than that of the highlighted lymph
     liquid."
"In a storage cell array, a first and a second line are provided which have
     a crossing point, at which a storage element with magnetoresistive effect
     is disposed. A yoke is provided which surrounds one of the lines and that
     contains magnetizable material with a permeability of at least 10. The
     yoke is disposed in such a way that a magnetic flow is closed
     substantially through the storage element."
"A magnetic field sensor incorporates a plurality of magnetic stripes spaced
     apart on the surface of a substrate such that the stray magnetic fields at
     the ends of the magnetic stripes are magnetostatically coupled and the
     magnetic stripes are magnetized respectively in alternating directions,
     nonmagnetic conductive material positioned in the spaces between the
     magnetic stripes and electrodes for passing current crosswise through the
     plurality of magnetic stripes to detect a change in resistance by the
     giant magnetoresistive effect (MGR). The invention overcomes the problem
     of detecting low magnetic fields since the magnetic fields required to
     saturate magnetic stripes depends on the magnetostatic coupling which in
     turn can be controlled by the geometry and position of the magnetic
     stripes in the sensor."
"The thin film magnetic head has insulating layers and a MR element section,
     which has uniform thickness and which can be formed on a surface of a
     magnetizable substrate with enough insulating strength. In the thin film
     magnetic head, a magnetizable metal layer is formed on a surface of the
     magnetizable substrate. A first insulating layer is formed on a surface of
     the magnetizable metal layer. The MR element section for reproducing data
     is formed on a surface of the first insulating layer. A second insulating
     layer is formed on the MR element section so as to sandwich the MR element
     section between the first insulating layer and the second insulating
     layer. A shielding layer is formed on a surface of the second insulating
     layer."
"A device having a magneto-resistive element, a first conductor proximate to
     the magneto-resistive element, and a second conductor proximate to the
     magneto-resistive element. The magneto-resistive element is exposed to a
     magnetic field generated by a first electrical pulse carried by the first
     conductor. The magneto-resistive element is also exposed to a magnetic
     field generated by a second electrical pulse carried by the second
     conductor. The second electrical pulse is delayed relative to the first
     electrical pulse."
"An apparatus for protecting a magnetoresistive head from electrostatic
     discharge. The apparatus includes an actuator assembly including the
     magnetoresistive head, and a connector board including a plurality of
     conductive traces in electrical contact with the magnetoresistive head.
     The connector board defines a plurality of openings therein, each of the
     openings having sides surfaces in electrical contact with one of the
     traces. The apparatus further includes a conductive shunting member
     including a plurality of protruding members adapted to be inserted into
     the openings and contact the side surfaces of the openings. The shunting
     member, when so inserted into the openings shorts the traces to provide
     protection of the magnetoresistive head from electrostatic discharge."
"In a magnetoresistive effect head in which a magnetoresistive effect
     element made from either a ferromagnetic tunnel junction film or a spin
     valve film is formed as a magnetoresistive sensor, a diode is connected in
     parallel with a first and a second electrode of the magnetoresistive
     effect element."
"A magnetic head includes a magnetoresistive effect film and a pair of
     electrodes contacting the magnetoresistive effect film such that the
     electrodes overlap the magnetoresistive effect film. The magnetoresistive
     effect film includes a first ferromagnetic film having a direction of
     magnetization which is changeable, an antiferromagnetic film, a second
     ferromagnetic film having a direction of magnetization which is fixed by
     the antiferromagnetic film, and a non-magnetic conductive film disposed
     between the first ferromagnetic film and the second ferromagnetic film."
"An ultrasensitive displacement sensing device for use in accelerometers,
     pressure gauges, temperature transducers, and the like, comprises a
     sputter deposited, multilayer, magnetoresistive field sensor with a
     variable electrical resistance based on an imposed magnetic field. The
     device detects displacement by sensing changes in the local magnetic field
     about the magnetoresistive field sensor caused by the displacement of a
     hard magnetic film on a movable microstructure. The microstructure, which
     may be a cantilever, membrane, bridge, or other microelement, moves under
     the influence of an acceleration a known displacement predicted by the
     configuration and materials selected, and the resulting change in the
     electrical resistance of the MR sensor can be used to calculate the
     displacement. Using a micromachining approach, very thin silicon and
     silicon nitride membranes are fabricated in one preferred embodiment by
     means of anisotropic etching of silicon wafers. Other approaches include
     reactive ion etching of silicon on insulator (SOI), or Low Pressure
     Chemical Vapor Deposition of silicon nitride films over silicon
     substrates. The device is found to be improved with the use of giant
     magnetoresistive elements to detect changes in the local magnetic field."
"In an arrangement for measuring the rotational velocity of a rotatable
     wheel (21) at or in a vehicle (23) by means of a sensor (1) which is
     manufactured by a thin-film technology, which comprises magnetoresistive
     sensor elements (11, 12, 13, 14), and which measures a magnetic field
     modulated by means of a toothed structure (22) of the wheel (21) in
     dependence on the rotational velocity thereof, an optimized guidance of
     interference currents which may be induced through radiation from
     electromagnetic fields is achieved in that an electrically conducting
     layer (5) is provided at the outside of the sensor (1), which layer (5)
     reduces a capacitive coupling between the wheel (21) and the sensor
     elements (11, 12, 13, 14) which would occur without said layer (5), and
     which layer (5) in its turn is capacitively coupled to the wheel (21),
    in that the electrically conducting layer (5), which is made of a metal
     material, is manufactured by a thin-film technique at least at one side of
     the sensor (1) by means of layer deposition on an insulating layer (4) and
     has a layer thickness of approximately 0.2 to 3 .mu.m,
    in that the electrically conducting layer (5) is electrically contacted
     outside the substrate (3) on which the sensor elements (11, 12, 13, 14)
     are built up,
    in that the electrical contacting (10) is provided by means not using the
     thin-film technology, and
    in that a coupling of the electrically conducting layer (5) to a reference
     potential is realized by means of said electrical contacting (10)."
"A magnetic head for reproducing a signal recorded on a recording medium,
     includes a substrate, a magnetic head core provided on the substrate,
     having a magnetic gap, and a magnetoresistance device provided on the
     magnetic head core. The magnetic head core is provided in such a manner
     that a thickness direction of the magnetic head core around the magnetic
     gap is substantially the same as a track width direction of the recording
     medium."
"A bias voltage generating circuit includes a series circuit of a
     magneto-resistance element and a MOS transistor. The MR ratio of the
     magneto-resistance element in the series circuit is set to 1/2 the MR
     ratio of the magneto-resistance element in a memory cell. An adjusting
     resistor has a resistance value 1/2 the interconnection resistance of a
     bit line. A bias voltage generating circuit applies a bias voltage to a
     sense current source. When a constant current flows in the bias voltage
     generating circuit, the sense current source supplies a sense current
     equal to the constant current to a bit line."
"An integrated memory has memory cells with a magnetoresistive storage
     property. The memory cells are connected in each case between column lines
     and row lines. For reading a data signal of a memory cell connected to a
     row line, one of the row lines is connected in a selection circuit to a
     terminal for a selection signal. The other row lines are driven in such a
     way that they are electrically isolated in the selection circuit for the
     reading of the data signal. As a result, a comparatively reliable reading
     operation is possible."
"A magnetic sensor utilizing a spin tunnel magneto-resistance effect (TMR),
     comprising a tunnel insulating film, a first magnetic layer formed on one
     of the planes of the tunnel insulating film, a second magnetic layer
     formed on the other plane of the tunnel insulating film, a third magnetic
     layer containing an anti-ferromagnetic substance for fixing magnetization
     of the second magnetic layer, a second insulating film formed on at least
     one of the first and third magnetic layers and having an opening in a
     predetermined region, a first electrode electrically connected to one of
     the first and third magnetic layers only in the opening of the second
     insulating film, and a second electrode for causing a current to flow
     between the first electrode and itself through at least the first and
     second magnetic layers and the first insulating layer."
"A thin-film magnetic head is provided, in which, even if sags occur in a
     shield layer when an opposing face opposing a medium is polished, the sags
     are unlikely to reach an MR device or another shield layer, whereby
     short-circuiting can be avoided. The thin-film magnetic head includes a
     laminate having a magnetoresistive device, two insulating layers provided
     on both sides of the magnetoresistive device in the thickness direction
     thereof, and two shield layers provided on the insulating layers on the
     magnetoresistive device, and a substrate on which the laminate is
     provided. In the thin-film magnetic head, the magnetoresistive device, the
     insulating layers, and the shield layers are exposed at the opposing face
     opposing a recording medium. At least one of the shield layers in contact
     with the insulating layers is composed of a magnetic layer and a rigid
     layer which is harder than the magnetic layer and is in contact with the
     insulating layer."
"A reproducing head has a bottom shield layer, an MR element and a top
     shield layer (bottom pole layer). The recording head has: the bottom pole
     layer (top shield layer) and a top pole layer that include pole portions;
     and a recording gap layer placed between these pole portions. The
     recording head further has a thin-film coil placed between the bottom and
     top pole layers. The top shield layer includes a first layer and a second
     layer. The first layer is located to face toward the thin-film coil. The
     second layer forms the pole portion. A nonmagnetic layer is provided in
     the first layer between the MR element and the pole portion of the top
     shield layer. The length of the nonmagnetic layer between an end thereof
     located in an air bearing surface and the other end is greater than the
     length of the MR element between an end thereof located in an air bearing
     surface and the other end."
"A method and apparatus for characterizing a magnetic disk (40) of the type
     that contains data to be read by a magneto-resistive type head (18) in
     proximity thereto is disclosed. The method includes writing a continuous
     signal onto the disk, and reading back the signal written onto the disk
     (40) using the magneto-resistive type head (18). The read back signal is
     compared to a threshold value (58), and areas of said disk at which energy
     contained in said read back signal occurs above said threshold value (54)
     are mapped. The energy content is measured by accumulating oversampled
     signal values from the read back signal during a time at which said read
     back signal exceeds the threshold value (58)."
"A magnetoresistive element, comprising a crystal structure with a grain
     boundary formed at a misorientation angle, and a method of producing a
     crystal structure having colossal magnetoresistance, wherein a grain
     boundary is formed at a misorientation angle. The crystal structure
     comprises a substrate layer and a CMR film layer epitaxially grown
     thereon, the CMR film layer having a plurality of first sections and a
     plurality of second sections with intermediate grain boundaries, the
     crystallographic axis of the first sections being different from the
     crystallographic axis of the second sections. The method comprises
     forming, on a base crystal material, a template comprising a first set of
     sections and a second set of sections with intermediate boundaries, the
     crystallographic axis of the first set being different from the
     crystallographic axis of the second set, and growing a film epitaxially on
     the base crystal material to form a plurality of grain boundaries over the
     boundaries between the first set and the second set."
"A giant magnetoresistive (GMR) based eddy current sensor including a giant
     magnetoresistive sensor integrated on a silicon chip with a signal
     conditioning circuit and a circular coil."
"A novel magnetic data storage system and a sensing system of magnetic
     characteristics are disclosed; the systems have a magnetization direction
     that is irreversible in an external magnetic field. A method of
     manufacturing, a method of resetting or changing or repairing and a method
     of operating such systems are also disclosed. The systems can include a
     set of magnetic devices in a balancing configuration; essentially each of
     said devices comprises a structure of layers including at least a first
     ferromagnetic layer and a second ferromagnetic layer with at least a
     separation layer of a non-magnetic material there between, said structure
     having at least a magneto resistance effect. The magnetization direction
     of the first ferromagnetic layer of at least one of said devices is
     irreversible in an external magnetic field higher than about 35 kA/m."
"A spin-valve magnetoresistive head having end parts of a free magnetic
     layer insensitive to an external magnetic field so as to improve
     sensitivity is provided. The spin-valve magnetoresistive head includes, at
     least on the terminal part sides, a lamination formed of a first
     antiferromagnetic layer, a soft magnetic layer, an antiparallel coupling
     intermediate layer, and a first free magnetic layer."
"A robust Giant Magneto Resistive effect type multilayer sensor comprising a
     free and a pinned ferromagnetic layer, which can withstand high
     temperatures and strong magnetic fields as required in automotive
     applications. The GMR multi-layer has an asymmetric magneto-resistive
     curve and enables sensors with complementary output signals so that a
     Wheatstone bridge is possible. The improvement is obtained by a
     combination of measures including the use of a combination of an
     Artificial Anti Ferromagnet as the pinned layer and an IrMn
     exchange-biasing layer, the latter preferably arranged at the bottom of
     the layer stack on top of a buffer layer."
"In an evaluation circuit for evaluating an output signal of a
     magnetoresistive sensor (1) for rotational speed measurement, in which the
     evaluation circuit performs an offset compensation of the sensor signal
     and comprises a comparator (4) which receives the offset compensated
     sensor signal and compares it with a reference voltage, a reliable
     identification of the output signal of the sensor after switching on the
     arrangement is ensured in that, in an initial mode, the value of the
     reference voltage is selected in dependence upon the temperature, the
     temperature dependence being approximated to that of the sensor signal, in
     that a control unit (6) is provided which, in the initial mode,
     consecutively checks whether the sensor signal is present, triggers the
     offset compensation only after the presence of said signal, subsequently
     checks whether the comparator (4) supplies an output signal, and changes
     over to a control mode only after the presence of said signal, in which
     control mode the temperature dependence of the reference voltage is
     switched off and, instead, the reference voltage is adjusted to
     approximately 40% of the maximum amplitude of the offset-compensated
     sensor signal."
"A conductive line for programming a magnetoresistive memory element
     comprising N metal layers separated by an electrically insulator layer,
     wherein the bit conductive is positioned proximate to a magnetoresistive
     memory device and flows a current that induces a magnetic field for
     programming the magnetoresistive memory device. The current needed to
     induce a given magnetic field is reduced by a factor of N, wherein N is a
     whole number greater than or equal to two. To further decrease the
     current, the conductive line is cladded with a ferromagnetic region to
     increase the magnetic field proximate to the magnetoresistive random
     access memory device."
"A spin-valve magnetoresistive element includes an antiferromagnetic layer,
     a first pinned magnetic layer, a nonmagnetic interlayer, a second pinned
     magnetic layer, a nonmagnetic conductive layer, a free magnetic layer, a
     pair of longitudinal biasing layers, and a pair of lead layers. When a
     detecting current is applied from the lead layers, the magnetization
     vector of the free magnetic layer is aligned in a direction intersecting
     the magnetization vector of the second pinned magnetic layer, and the
     magnetization vector of the second pinned magnetic layer is tilted by an
     angle .theta. from the normal of a track width direction toward a
     direction opposite to a longitudinal biasing magnetic field, in order to
     reduce asymmetry of the output."
"A giant magnetoresistive stack (10) for use in a magnetic read head
     includes a NiFeCr seed layer (12), a ferromagnetic free layer (14), a
     nonmagnetic spacer layer (16), a ferromagnetic pinned layer (18), and a
     CrMnPt pinning layer (20). The ferromagnetic free layer (14) has a
     rotatable magnetic moment and is positioned adjacent to the NiFeCr seed
     layer (12). The ferromagnetic pinned layer (18) has a fixed magnetic
     moment and is positioned adjacent to the CrMnPt pinning layer (20). The
     nonmagnetic spacer layer (16) is positioned between the free layer (14)
     and the pinned layer (18). The combination of layers with their respective
     atomic percentage compositions and thicknesses results in a GMR ratio of
     at least 12%."
"A method, devices, and an article of manufacture for reducing magnetic
     instability in a magnetoresistive read head of a combined read-write head
     after writing data onto a magnetic storage medium. The last write pulse
     polarity that results in the least amount of magnetic instability in the
     read head is determined, and is referred to as the designated polarity.
     Then, after a set of write pulses is written, it is determined whether the
     last write pulse has the designated polarity. If the last write pulse does
     not have the designated polarity, then an additional write pulse with the
     designated polarity is written. Thus, the last write pulse before a read
     always has the designated polarity, thereby reducing the magnetic
     instability of the read head, and consequently improving read head
     performance."
"Method and system aspects for calibrating an MR offset in an MR head are
     presented. A method aspect includes identifying an occurrence of a
     calibration condition to initiate an MR offset check, and performing the
     MR offset check to ensure an MR offset value has not changed beyond an
     acceptable tolerance in order to maintain proper servoing of the MR head.
     A system aspect includes a hard disk for storing data, a read/write MR
     head for reading and writing data to/from the hard disk, and a control
     unit. The control unit performs an MR offset calibration of an MR offset
     value for the read/write MR head in response to a calibration condition
     occurring in order to ensure maintenance of the MR offset value within an
     acceptable tolerance for proper servoing of the read/write MR head."
"A circuit combines a read signal from an MR/GMR read head with a signal
     generated by a matched filter, the parameters of which depend on the
     geometry of the head and the output of which, generated every N.sup.th
     clock period, includes a real part and an imaginary part that models an
     expected head response. The combined signal is phase equalized and sent to
     a complex correlator, which integrates the signal over N clock periods to
     output a correlated signal having real and imaginary portions of the
     N.sup.th root of unity which correspond to bits in an N-clock data unit.
     The real and imaginary portions can subsequently be digitized and analyzed
     for errors."
"A single die MR sensor having three MR elements each being preferably
     composed of a number of serially connected MR segments for use in linear
     position sensing schemes. The MR sensor is, generally, aligned in the
     direction of movement of a magnetic target. The middle MR element is the
     actual position sensor. The two outer MR elements serve as reference
     sensors which sense the magnetic field at the limits of the position
     sensing range. The cooperating magnetic target assures that one of the two
     outer MR elements is always exposed to some maximum magnetic field,
     B.sub.MAX, corresponding to a position X.sub.MAX, and the other MR element
     is always exposed to some minimum magnetic field, B.sub.MIN, corresponding
     to a position X.sub.MIN, and wherein a portion of the middle MR element is
     exposed to B.sub.MAX and another portion of the middle MR element is
     exposed to B.sub.MIN, wherein the position, X, of the target is computed
     assuming uniformity of the middle MR element along its length."
"The present invention aims to provide a particulate magnetic recording
     medium showing a high C/N in high-density magnetic recording (especially
     using an MR head for reproducing).
Herein disclosed is a magnetic recording medium comprising a lower layer
     containing a nonmagnetic powder and a binder provided on a nonmagnetic
     flexible substrate and a magnetic layer containing a ferromagnetic powder
     and a binder provided thereon wherein said magnetic layer has an average
     thickness d of 0.01-0.1 .mu.m, the ferromagnetic powder contained in said
     magnetic layer is an acicular ferromagnetic alloy powder having an average
     major axis length of 0.1 .mu.m or less and a as of 120 A.m.sup.2 /kg (120
     emu/g) or less, the nonmagnetic powder contained in said lower layer is an
     acicular inorganic powder having an average major axis length of 0.15
     .mu.m or less, and said ferromagnetic powder has an aspect ratio equal to
     or smaller than the aspect ratio of said acicular inorganic powder."
"The present invention provides a spin-valve magnetoresistive sensor
     comprising at least two ferromagnetic layers including a first and a
     second ferromagnetic layers. A first antiferromagnetic layer is layered
     adjacent to the first ferromagnetic layer for increasing the coercive
     force of the first ferromagnetic layer to pin the magnetization direction
     of the first ferromagnetic layer. A pair of second antiferromagnetic
     layers are respectively positioned adjacent to the longitudinal ends of
     the second ferromagnetic layer. Further, a pair of third ferromagnetic
     layers are respectively layered adjacent to said pair of second
     antiferromagnetic layers for inducing magnetic anisotropy to pin the
     magnetization direction of each third ferromagnetic layer in a direction
     perpendicular to the pinned magnetization direction of the first
     ferromagnetic layer, thereby imposing a longitudinal bias on the second
     ferromagnetic layer to stabilize magnetic domains therein in order to
     suppress Barkhausen noise. The magnetization direction of the second
     ferromagnetic layer remains free to rotate in accordance with the
     direction of an external magnetic field, thereby changing the electrical
     resistance of the sensor."
"The invention comprises a pair of dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR)
     sensor elements with aligned edges of a pair of patterned magnetoresistive
     (MR) layers within the pair of dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor
     elements. A first embodiment of the dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR)
     sensor element employs a patterned first magnetoresistive (MR) layer, a
     patterned inter stripe dielectric layer and a patterned second
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer which are areally co-extensive, and thus have
     all edges thereof fully aligned. A second embodiment of the dual stripe
     magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element employs a patterned first
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer, a pattern ed inter stripe dielectric layer
     and a patterned second magnetoresistive (MR) layer, where: (1) at least a
     portion of an edge of the patterned first magnetoresistive (MR) layer, the
     pattern ed inter stripe dielectric layer and the patterned second
     magnetoresistive (MR layer opposite an air bearing surface (ABS) of the
     dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element are fully aligned; and
     (2) there is employed a patterned backfilling dielectric layer covering
     those fully aligned edges of the patterned first magnetoresistive (MR)
     layer, the pattern ed inter stripe dielectric layer and the patterned
     second magnetoresistive (MR) layer, where the patterned backfilling
     dielectric layer does not completely cover a top surface of the patterned
     second magnetoresistive (MR) layer."
"A magnetoresistive head having a split coil structure including multiple,
     similar coil layers separated by an insulator and joined at their ends to
     define parallel electrical paths. The coil passes through a magnetic yoke
     having an open end and a closed end and is electrically insulated from the
     yoke. The parallel electrical paths of the separate coil layers can each
     be modeled as a resistor in series with an inductor, each of the paths
     also being in parallel with a capacitor. The split coil has a much faster
     current rise time than a comparable single layer coil or than multiple
     coils connected in series. Since the coil current provides the
     magneto-motive force for imparting a signal on a passing recording medium,
     the decreased current rise time corresponds to an increased data recording
     rate."
"A magnetic recording/reproducing device comprises a recording head for
     magnetically recording a signal on a magnetic recording medium along a
     predetermined track, and a reproducing head member including a spin valve
     typed magnetoresistive element and bias magnetic applying means,
     associated with the spin valve typed magnetoresistive element, for
     applying a bias magnetic field to the spin valve typed magnetoresistive
     element, the reproducing head member for changing a sensitivity
     distribution in a track width direction based on a distance between the
     reproducing head and the recording head, and an angle difference between
     the direction of the reproducing head and the extending direction of the
     track."
"In a magnetoresistive element, a non-magnetic layer element is disposed
     between a first ferromagnetic layer element and a second ferromagnetic
     layer element. The non-magnetic layer element consists of a material that
     exhibits a diffusion barrier effect in a temperature range that is
     required in the production of the magnetoresistive element, and that does
     not itself diffuse into the adjacent ferromagnetic layer elements. The
     magnetoresistive element is suitable both as a sensor element and as a
     memory element of a memory cell configuration."
"A magnetoresistance effect element includes a free layer, a pinned layer
     and a non-magnetic intermediate layer interposed between the free layer
     and the pinned layer. Additionally, a metal barrier layer is provided
     adjacent to the first magnetic layer. An electron reflecting layer located
     adjacent to the metal barrier layer contains at least one selected from
     oxides, nitrides, carbides, fluorides, chlorides, sulfides and borides."
"A magneto-resistive memory that has a shared word line and sense line is
     disclosed. By providing the shared word line and sense line, the number of
     relatively large drivers required to drive the word line and sense line
     currents can be reduced. This reduces the peripheral overhead of the
     memory, and may increase the overall density and reduce the overall power
     of the memory."
"A low power, high speed magneto-resistive memory is disclosed. The
     disclosed memory directly senses the resistive state of one or more
     magneto-resistive memory elements. This allows the memory to be read
     during a single read cycle, without the need for a word line current. This
     may substantially increase the speed and reduce the power of the memory."
"The present invention provides a magneto-resistance effect type head for
     reproducing, with a high sensitivity, information recorded at a high
     recording density on a recording medium while inhibiting occurrence of the
     Barkhausen noise, including a magneto-resistance effect element comprised
     of a multi-layer film containing a free magnetic layer having its
     magnetization direction changing in correspondence with an external
     magnetic field, an insulating film, a non-magnetic underlying layer formed
     on the insulating film, and one pair of magnetic domain-wall control
     layers formed on the underlying layer in its in-face direction with a
     predetermined spacing therebetween, for inhibiting movement of magnetic
     domain wall of the free magnetic layer, in such a configuration that the
     free magnetic layer has its both ends directly stacked on the pair of the
     magnetic domain-wall control layers and also has its middle part directly
     stacked on the underlying layer."
"A spin-valve magnetoresistive sensor includes a free layer of a
     ferromagnetic material, a pinned layer provided on the free layer and a
     pinning layer of an anti-ferromagnetic material provided on the pinned
     layer, the anti-ferromagnetic material being an ordered alloy containing
     manganese. The pinned layer includes a first pinned layer of a
     ferromagnetic material, a second pinned layer of a ferromagnetic material
     provided on the first pinned layer and an intermediate layer interposed
     between the first and second pinned layers such that the first and second
     pinned layers establish a super-exchange interaction in an anti-parallel
     manner. The second pinned layer has a magnetic moment smaller than a
     magnetic moment of the first pinned layer."
"A magnetoresistance element includes a lower electrode layer, a
     magnetoresistance effect layer, an upper electrode layer and a lower
     electrode anti-erosion/flaking layer. The lower electrode
     anti-erosion/flaking layer, which is formed before a photoresist layer
     remaining on the patterned lower electrode layer is removed, is formed
     around the lower electrode layer so that its edge facing the lower
     electrode layer will be in contact with the edge of the lower electrode
     layer. By use of the lower electrode anti-erosion/flaking layer, the edge
     of the lower electrode layer is protected from being exposed to a release
     agent containing a dissolved photoresist in a photoresist layer removal
     step (when the photoresist layer remaining on the patterned lower
     electrode layer is removed), thereby the increase of roughness of the edge
     of the lower electrode layer due to erosion/flaking of the edge in the
     photoresist removal step can be avoided, and thereby electrical shorts
     between the upper electrode layer and the lower electrode layer can be
     eliminated, and thereby a magnetoresistance element of high sensitivity
     and high performance can be obtained and manufacturing yield of the
     magnetoresistance elements can be improved."
"A thin film magnetic head which includes a magnetoresistive layer
     selectively formed; a magnetic bias layer sandwiching said
     magnetoresistive layer; a pair of leads for detecting magnetic resistance;
     and a cap layer formed under the lead between the magnetoresistive layer.
     This configuration enables to accurately specify a magnetic response
     region by both ends of the cap layers, concentrating the current from the
     lead onto the magnetic response region through a tip of the cap layer for
     improving a S/N ratio."
"In order to improve reliability of an MR head including a substrate, an MR
     element formed on the substrate, a reinforcing body, and a sliding surface
     with respect to a magnetic recording medium, in which the substrate and
     the MR element are exposed to the sliding surface, the substrate and the
     reinforcing body are bonded to each other by using a non-organic film, for
     example, a multi-layered film including metal layers. Alternatively, the
     substrate and the reinforcing body are bonded to each other via an
     adhesive film not exposed to the sliding surface."
"A method for prescribing geometry of an imaging volume of a structure of
     interest positioned in a magnetic resonance (MR) imaging system. The
     method includes (a) establishing a communication connection over a network
     between the MR imaging system and a remote facility to provide remote
     services to the MR imaging systems; (b) selecting a first boundary plane
     of the structure of interest, wherein the first boundary plane is
     prescribed by a first imaging section of the structure of interest; (c)
     determining a first geometry information corresponding to the first
     imaging section of the structure of interest; (d) storing the first
     geometry information in the MR imaging system; (e) selecting a second
     boundary plane of the structure of interest, wherein the second boundary
     plane is prescribed by a first imaging section of the structure of
     interest; (f) determining the second geometry information corresponding to
     the second imaging section of the structure of interest; (g) storing the
     second geometry information in the MR imaging system; and (h) applying the
     first and second geometry information of the first and second imaging
     sections, respectively, to prescribe a boundary geometry defining a
     subsequent imaging volume of the structure of interest. At least one of
     steps (b) through (h) is done remotely."
"A memory cell configuration has word lines and bit lines that extend
     transversely with respect thereto. Memory elements with a giant
     magnetoresistive effect are respectively connected between one of the word
     lines and one of the bit lines. The bit lines are each connected to a
     sense amplifier by means of which the potential on the respective bit line
     can be regulated to a reference potential and at which an output signal
     can be picked off. The memory cell configuration can be used both as an
     MRAM and as an associative memory."
"A giant magnetoresistive stack for use in a magnetic read head includes a
     NiFeCr seed layer, a ferromagnetic free layer, at least one nonmagnetic
     spacer layer, at least one ferromagnetic pinned layer, and at least one
     PtMnX pinning layer, where X is selected from the group consisting of Cr,
     Pd, Nb, Re, Rh, Ta, Ru, Os, Zr, Hf, Ni, Co, and Fe. The ferromagnetic free
     layer has a rotatable magnetic moment. The ferromagnetic pinned layer has
     a fixed magnetic moment and is positioned adjacent to the PtMnX pinning
     layer. The nonmagnetic spacer layer is positioned between the free layer
     and the pinned layer. The NiFeCr seed layer is positioned adjacent to
     either the free layer or the pinning layer."
"A magneto-resistive element comprises a first electrode, a
     magneto-resistive layer formed on the first electrode in which resistance
     is changed in accordance with magnetic field, and a second electrode layer
     formed on the magneto-resistive layer. The magneto-resistive layer has a
     first magnetic layer formed on the first electrode, a non-magnetic layer
     formed on the first magnetic layer, and a second magnetic layer formed on
     the non-magnetic layer. The average surface roughness of the first
     electrode is equal to or smaller than 0.3 nm. Since the first electrode
     has such the small average surface roughness, the non-magnetic layer
     formed on the first electrode layer is flattened, thus, current leakage is
     prevented. The first electrode is made of at least one of Ta, Zr, Ti, Hf,
     W, Mo, Y, V, Nb, Au, Ag, Pd, and Pt which has strong bond strength. Since
     the first electrode has strong bond strength, exfoliation of the first
     electrode from the layers contacting the first electrode does not occur."
"In order to provide a thin film magnetic head having a high performance as
     well as a method of manufacturing the same, in which throat height TH of a
     pole portion and MR height MRH can be formed accurately to have desired
     design values for improving a surface recording density and reducing a
     side fringe magnetic flux during a writing, an MR film is formed such that
     the film is embedded in a shield gap layer formed on a substrate, a first
     magnetic layer is formed on the shield gap layer, a thin film coil, is
     formed on the first magnetic layer such that the coil is isolated by an
     insulating layer, and a second magnetic layer is formed in accordance with
     a given pattern. The gap layer is selectively removed by an anisotropic
     etching in the vicinity of side walls of a pole portion of the second
     magnetic layer, and then the first magnetic layer is partially removed by
     an ion milling to form recesses having an inner side wall which serves as
     a positional reference. An air bearing surface is polished on the basis of
     a position of this inner side wall of the recess."
"A circuit (50) and method are presented to provide positive biasing
     voltages to an MR head (18) in a mass data storage device (10). The
     circuit (50) includes upper (56) and lower (62) driver transistors to
     respectively bias respective opposite ends of the MR head (18) with
     positive voltages. A feedback circuit (58,60,74,84) controls a lower
     voltage (63) of the positive voltages to be a value as close as possible
     to a saturation voltage of the lower driver transistor (62), without
     causing the lower transistor (62) to saturate. Since the MR head (18) is
     connected between the upper (56) and lower (62) driver transistors,
     maintaining the lower voltage (63) just above the saturation voltage of
     the lower driver transistor (62) reduces the common mode voltage across
     the MR head (18) to a minimum value."
"A method to test an instability of a magneto-resistive (MR) head. The
     instability is tested by first writing a signal onto a track. The
     junctions of the MR head are aligned with various track edges and the head
     characteristics are then measured. The characteristics may include
     determining a maximum amplitude covarian and a maximum base line popping
     noise."
"A magneto-resistive memory is disclosed that includes a high-speed sense
     amplifier that can reliably operate at low signal levels. The sense
     amplifier includes offset cancellation to reduce or eliminate the internal
     offsets of the amplifier. The offset cancellation is controlled by one or
     more switches, which during operation, selectively enable the offset
     cancellation of the amplifier and store the offsets in one or more
     coupling capacitors."
"The fabrication process of a conventional MRAM using a magnetoresistive
     effect element as a memory device is difficult, and the device structure
     makes it difficult to decrease the cell area and increase the degree of
     integration. It is an object of this invention to realize an MRAM which
     can achieve a high integration degree. A memory device is characterized by
     including a magnetoresistive element, a bit line formed above this
     magnetoresistive element, and a write line. The magnetoresistive element
     is formed immediately above the drain region of a field-effect transistor."
"The present invention provides an improved bias magnet-to-magnetoresistive
     element interface and method of fabrication. In a preferred embodiment,
     the wall/walls of an MR element opposing a bias layer are formed by over
     etching to provide vertical side walls without taper. In the preferred
     embodiment, a protective element is formed over the MR element to protect
     it during etch processes. In some embodiments, a filler layer is deposited
     prior to bias layer formation. In CIP embodiments, any portion of the
     filler layer forming on vertical side walls of the MR element is etched to
     provide an exposed side wall surface for contiguous bias layer formation.
     In CPP embodiments, the filler layer forms on a vertical back wall and
     electrically insulates the MR element from the bias layer. In CIP and CPP
     embodiments, tapered portions of the bias material, which form overhanging
     the MR element, are removed by directional etching to improve the
     direction and stability of the induced longitudinal field within the MR
     element. In some CIP embodiments, tapered overhang removal allows for
     formation of improved lead structures, which may be deposited on the MR
     element closer to the side walls, and which are not pinched off by the
     overhang of an underlying bias layer, thus improving current density
     profile and definition of the actual effective track width of the device."
"To prevent the high-frequency characteristic from deteriorating due to a
     narrow track. A thin-film magnetic head of the present invention is
     produced by forming a lower shielding layer, a read gap layer holding an
     MR magnetosensitive element facing to an ABS plane, a shared pole layer
     serving as an upper shielding layer and a lower pole layer, and a write
     gap layer laminated in order on an insulating substrate, by forming a
     first flattening layer, a coil pattern layer, and a second flattening
     layer laminated in order on the write gap layer excluding the vicinity of
     the ABS plane, and by forming an upper pole layer on the write gap layer
     and second flattening layer nearby the ABS plane. Because magnetic easy
     axis of the upper pole layer along the ABS plane is oriented in the
     thickness direction of the upper pole layer, the high-frequency
     characteristic in the magnetization rotation mode is obtained."
"A method of MRI includes supporting a subject in an examination region of
     an MRI scanner, and setting up a spin system with a net magnetization. An
     inversion pulse is applied which inverts the magnetization of the spin
     system in a selected volume of the subject. As the magnetization re-grows,
     a first set of raw data is generated by acquiring MR signals from a series
     of regions within the selected volume. For the first set of raw data, the
     series of regions are acquired in a first temporal order with respect to
     the inversion pulse. The inversion pulse is re-applied, and as the
     magnetization re-grows, a second set of raw data is generated in similar
     fashion to the first. However, for the second set of raw data, the series
     of regions are acquired in a second temporal order with respect to the
     inversion pulse. The second temporal order is different from the first
     temporal order. From the first and second sets of raw data, respectively,
     first and second sets of complex image data are generated. A complex phase
     correction factor is then determined and applied to one of, or both, the
     first and second sets of complex image data to thereby phase match the
     same. A combined image is generated via a pixel by pixel complex
     combination of the phase matched first and second sets of complex image
     data."
"A method for determining the direction of an external magnetic field (B)
     using a magneto-resistive sensor comprises the following steps:
     superimposing a fluctuating magnetic field on the external magnetic field
     (B); creating a first and second signal dependent on the sine and cosine
     of the angle between the external magnetic field and a reference vector by
     decoupling or disregarding the respective signal components which are
     dependent on the fluctuating magnetic field; determination of a third
     signal which is dependent upon the angle between the external magnetic
     field and a reference vector on the basis of the first and second signal
     whereby said third signal has a periodicity of 180.degree.; determination
     of a logic correction signal (K5) with regard to the signal component
     which is dependent on the fluctuating magnetic field decoupled from either
     the first or second signal and which adopts a value for the angle of the
     external magnetic field in a first angle range, in particular between
     0.degree. and 180.degree. and adopts another value in a second angle
     range, in particular between 180.degree. and 360.degree.; and
     determination of the actual angle of magnetic field (B) on the basis of a
     logic correction signal (K5) and the third signal."
"A single die MR array composed of a plurality of MR elements, wherein each
     MR element is composed of a number of serially connected MR segments. The
     MR elements are arranged and configured so as to produce a variety of MR
     array geometries. In one form, an MR array is formed to provide angular
     sensing schemes wherein angular measurement redundancy is incorporated
     therein. In a second form, an MR array is formed to provide angular
     sensing schemes wherein angular measurement redundancy and reference
     redundancy are incorporated therein."
"A malfunction detector for magnetoresistive device sensors includes a
     window discriminator, a rotation indication circuit, and an alternative
     failure circuit. The window discriminator includes minimum and maximum
     voltage comparators, wherein if the sensor output signal is outside
     reference voltages, a first error signal is output. A rotation indication
     comparator outputs a square wave signal if the sensor output signal is
     detected. An alternative failure circuit includes a peak detector, a
     valley detector and a voltage comparator, wherein if a voltage
     differential between high and low values is less than a predetermined
     voltage differential, a second error signal is output."
"A galvanomagnetic position sensor (36, 18) wherein a single die MR sensor
     (22, 22') senses the rotation of an end face (14) of a motor shaft (12)
     which is made of a ferromagnetic material and generates three sinusoidal
     voltage signals with 120 degree phase shifts. In a first implementation,
     an MR die incorporating a plurality of matched pie-shaped MR elements
     (MR1, MR2, MR3, MR4, MR5, MR6) collectively form a circular area. When the
     motor shaft rotates, a tooth (18) of the end face sweeps past the MR
     elements resulting in resistance modulation of each MR element between a
     maximum resistance and a minimum resistance whereby three sinusoidal
     voltage signals spaced 120 degrees apart are provided, via OpAmps (AMP1,
     AMP2, AMP3) or voltage dividers and OpAmps (AMP1', AMP2'). From these
     voltage signals the shaft rotative position is known. In a second
     implementation of the present invention, the single MR sensor consists of
     an MR die (22"") wherein each of a plurality of MR elements (23"") consists
     of three interdigitated electrically isolated MR segments collectively
     forming a circular area, wherein OpAmps are obviated and the sensor
     circuit is totally passive."
"A scanning rheometer is presented for the rheological property measurement
     of electrorheological (ER) and magnetorheological (MR) fluids using a
     non-linear viscoplastic model, based on the fluid height variation with
     respect to time. The rheometer basically includes a static (e.g., an
     overhead reservoir) or a dynamic source of fluid, a channel or slit whose
     sides form electrodes which are in contact with the flowing ER fluid, or a
     capillary tube exposed to a static/alternating magnetic field for flowing
     MR fluids, a transfer tube, either one or two riser tubes, and a column
     level detector for monitoring the column of fluid as it moves in one of
     the riser tubes. The column level detector is coupled to a processor which
     analyzes, among other things, column height vs. time data to determine
     both viscosity and yield stress. The rheometer overcomes one of the major
     drawbacks of the conventional rheometer: the inability to produce the
     yield stress of the ER, or MR, fluid in an absolute zero shear rate range.
     The results with this rheometer are compared with those obtained from a
     commercially-available rheometer which indicates excellent agreement."
"A memory device is described which includes memory cells, access lines, and
     support electronics for facilitating access to information stored in the
     memory cells via the access lines. Both the memory cells and the support
     electronics comprise multi-layer thin film structures exhibiting giant
     magnetoresistance."
"The magnetoresistance effect element is of a multilayered structure having
     at least magnetic layers and an intermediate layer of an insulating
     material, a semiconductor or an antiferromagnetic material against the
     magnetic layers, and the magnetoresistance effect element has terminals
     formed at least on the opposite magnetic layers, respectively, so that a
     current flows in the intermediate layer. The film surfaces of all the
     magnetic layers constituting the magnetoresistance effect element are
     opposed substantially at right angles to the recording surface of a
     magnetic recording medium. Therefore, the area of the magnetic layers
     facing the recording surface of the magnetic recording medium can be
     extremely reduced, and thus the magnetic field from a very narrow region
     of the high-density recorded magnetic recording medium can be detected by
     the current which has a tunneling characteristic and passes through the
     intermediate layer."
"The present application provides a magneto-resistive element excellent in
     symmetry of playback waveforms. The basic construction of the present
     application is as follows. That is, a magnetic layer 13, an insulating
     layer 14, and a magnetic layer 15 are laminated; a power supply 18 for
     applying a voltage between two magnetic layers is provided; an
     anti-ferromagnetic layer 16 is laminated on the magnetic layer 15,
     direction of which magnetization is substantially parallel or
     counter-parallel with a detecting direction of an external magnetic field,
     and when the external magnetic field is not present, a power supply 17 for
     causing a current to flow in a non-magnetic metal layer 12 and in an inner
     direction of a layer surface thereof is provided so that a direction of
     magnetization of the magnetic layer 13 is substantially at right angles to
     the detecting direction of the external magnetic field; and there is
     provided a signal detector 19 for detecting a change of current tunneling
     through an insulating layer when the direction of magnetization of the
     magnetic layer 13 is changed by the external magnetic field."
"In a tunnel magnetoresistance effect element comprising a tunnel
     multilayered film having a tunnel barrier layer, a ferromagnetic free
     layer and a ferromagnetic pinned layer such that the tunnel barrier layer
     is held between the ferromagnetic free layer and the ferromagnetic pinned
     layer, three indexes representing a surface roughness state of the tunnel
     barrier layer are set such that Ra.ltoreq.1 nm, Rmax.ltoreq.10 nm and
     Rrms.ltoreq.1.2 nm, wherein Ra is one of the three indexes and
     representing the center line average roughness, Rmax is one of the three
     indexes and representing the maximum height, and Rrms is one of the three
     indexes and representing the standard deviation roughness. Thus, the
     tunnel magnetoresistance effect element exhibits improved characteristics,
     particularly, a large head output."
"Both the read and write heads are trimmed to approximately 100 nm wide,
     indicated by Wr and Ww, respectively. The etch depth for the MR element,
     MR Trenches, is 200 nm and the etch depth for the write head, Write
     Trenches, is 1 .mu.m. In order to confirm that inactive regions are
     actually those selected for irradiation, during trimming the center of the
     trimmed MR element has been offset by approximately 300 nm from the center
     of the original MR element. This offset is observed in the final result."
"A magnetoresistive write element has a plurality of coils disposed between
     a first and second pole. A first coil having inner and outer contacts is
     provided on top of a layer of insulation on top of the first pole. A write
     gap material above the first coil separates the poles at a yoke tip region
     to form a write gap therebetween. Second and third coils wound in the form
     of a single bifilar coil are provided on top of the write gap material,
     each having an inner and an outer contact portion. Electrical connection
     between the inner contact of the first coil and the inner contact of the
     second coil is provided through a via in the write gap material. An
     insulation layer above the second and third coils provides separation from
     a fourth coil provided thereabove. The fourth coil also has inner and
     outer contact portions. The outer contact of the fourth coil electrically
     connects with the outer contact of the second coil through one of the vias
     in the second insulation layer separating the second and third coil from
     the fourth coil. Similarly, the inner contact of the fourth coil connects
     electrically with the inner contact of the third coil. An insulation layer
     is deposited on top of the fourth coil and the second pole is formed on
     top thereof such that the first and second poles make electrical
     connection with one another at back gap portion."
"A test simulation circuit includes a simulated read/write head with a
     magnet shield and a magnetoresistive sensor exposed at a lapped surface.
     The test simulation circuit also includes first and second electrical test
     path connected respectively to the magnet shield and the magnetoresistive
     sensor. The second electrical test path is electrically isolated from the
     first electrical test path."
"A method and apparatus for characterizing asymmetries of a
     magneto-resistive type head in proximity to a magnetic media such as a
     magnetic disk of a hard disk drive. The method includes using the
     magneto-resistive type head to read a continuous signal from the magnetic
     media to provide a read back signal. Energies contained in the read back
     signal which occur in excess of a predetermined threshold for the positive
     and negative portions of the read back signal are then determined. The
     energies may be determined by accumulating sampled signal values from the
     read back signal in registers during times at which the read back signal
     exceeds the threshold."
"Provided is a particulate magnetic recording medium having excellent
     electromagnetic characteristics, especially, a particulate magnetic
     recording medium which achieves a high output and a low noise and which is
     suitable for reproduction with an MR head.
A magnetic recording medium comprising a flexible nonmagnetic support
     having thereon, in order, a nonmagnetic layer containing a nonmagnetic
     powder and a binder and at least two magnetic layers including an
     uppermost magnetic layer and a lowermost magnetic layer, each containing a
     ferromagnetic powder and a binder, wherein said at least two magnetic
     layers have a total thickness of from 0.02 .mu.m to 0.5 .mu.m and an
     average particle volume V(u) and a saturation magnetization .sigma.s(u) of
     a ferromagnetic powder in said uppermost magnetic layer are, respectively,
     higher than an average particle volume V(L) and a saturation magnetization
     .sigma.s(L) of a ferromagnetic powder in said lowermost magnetic layer."
"A method of manufacturing a magnetoresistance element which can reproduce
     magnetic signals with higher sensitivity. The manufacturing method
     includes the steps of providing a vacuum below 10.sup.-9 Torr in a film
     forming chamber for forming a nonmagnetic layer and ferromagnetic layer;
     performing plasma-etching of the surface of a substrate body by using a
     mixture of a gas (a) containing at least oxygen or water introduced into
     the chamber and an Ar gas (b) introduced into the chamber in a vacuum,
     state controlled to higher than 10.sup.-9 Torr; and forming the
     nonmagnetic and ferromagnetic layers on the etched substrate body by
     sputtering a prescribed target by using the mixture of the gases (a) and
     (b)."
"A portable card reader is designed to be carried in a wallet or purse. In a
     first embodiment, the card reader has an electromagnetic head that reads
     information from a magnetic strip of a card. In a second embodiment,
     information is read from the card by an array of Hall sensors. In a
     further embodiment, the card reader uses a magnetic sensor based on
     magnetoresistive sensing of magnetic transitions of a magnetic stripe,
     suitable for use with small, portable electronic devices. In each
     embodiment, the information read from the card may be converted to a
     sequence of electronic bursts of predetermined frequency, preferably in
     the audible or ultrasound range. The sound signals are output by a speaker
     to the microphone of a telephone. The signal is then transmitted over the
     telephone lines to a remote receiver. The receiver then converts the sound
     bursts into signal pulses which can be read using the computer software of
     a conventional card reader."
"A magnetoresistance effect type memory in and from which information is
     recorded and reproduced by utilizing a magnetoresistance effect comprises
     a substrate, a magnetoresistance film provided on the substrate, which
     comprises a reproducing layer, a memory layer and a non-magnetic layer
     provided between the reproducing layer and the memory layer, and a
     magnetization-fixing layer provided on the substrate, which orients a
     magnetization of the reproducing layer to one direction. In the
     magnetoresistance effect type memory a conductor wire may be disposed on
     the magnetoresistance film on a side opposite to the substrate.
A recording-reproducing method for the magnetoresistance effect type memory
     comprises the steps of applying any one of positive and negative electric
     current pulses to the conductor wire, and detecting a change in resistance
     of the magnetoresistance film to reproduce information recorded in the
     memory layer. A recording-reproducing device for recoding and reproducing
     information in and from the magnetoresistance effect type memory comprises
     a means for supplying a uni-directional electric current to said conductor
     wire, and a means for detecting a change in resistance of said
     magnetoresistance film to reproduce information recorded in the memory."
"A method for testing a thin-film magnetic head with a MR read head element
     includes a step of applying a low-frequency or DC external magnetic field
     to the thin-film magnetic head from a stationary magnetic field generation
     unit, a step of executing a high-frequency amplification of an output from
     the MR read head element under the application of the external magnetic
     field to provide a high-frequency amplified signal, a step of deriving
     only a high-frequency component from the high-frequency amplified signal
     to provide a high-frequency component signal, and a step of judging
     whether the thin-film magnetic head occurs a noise or not by using the
     high-frequency component signal."
"A manufacturing method of a thin-film magnetic head with a spin valve
     effect MR read sensor includes a temperature-annealing step of firmly
     fixing the direction of the pinned magnetization in the spin valve effect
     MR sensor. The temperature-annealing step is executed by a plurality of
     times."
"A magneto-resistive head includes a stabilizing bias layer which applies a
     magnetization stabilizing bias field on a magneto-resistive layer of a
     magneto-resistive element, and a ferromagnetic underlayer which forms an
     underlayer with respect to the stabilizing bias layer. The ferromagnetic
     underlayer is made of Fe and has a film thickness in a range of 1.3 to 2.5
     nm."
"A thin-film magnetic head includes a substrate with a surface, first and
     second shield layers formed above the substrate, and a MR sensor element
     formed between the first and second shield layers. The MR sensor element
     has a magnetic sensing region formed with a specific slant angle against
     the surface of the substrate."
"An analog to digital converter using a memory array of multi-state
     magnetoresistive memory elements in which a received analog signal is
     proportionally distributed among the memory elements to program the memory
     array. The memory array may be organized into column and row memory lines
     and may include analog splitter circuitry that proportionally distributes
     the analog signal among the column and row memory lines. The analog
     splitter circuitry may divide the analog signal into increasingly discrete
     signal levels along the column and row memory lines. The analog splitter
     circuitry may include multiple current devices, each configured to carry a
     proportionally increasing current level between consecutive column and row
     memory lines. Alternatively, the analog splitter circuitry includes
     substantially equivalent current devices that are grouped and
     proportionally distributed among the column and row memory lines to
     proportionally distribute the received analog signal. Read logic digitally
     combines programmed logic states of the memory elements of the memory
     array to achieve an output digital value. The read logic counts memory
     elements having a predetermined memory state. The read logic may use a
     binary or sequential search for counting memory elements. Signal
     processing logic may be provided that determines any change in state or
     threshold condition of the memory array."
"A method and apparatus for proximity sensing and feedback regulation
     between a bodily implanted secondary coil and an external primary coil
     applied for generating and propagating a well-defined set of excitation
     signals used for nerve or muscle stimulation. The complete device is a
     combination of external and implantable or internal components. The
     internal component contains a relatively small magnet composed of
     materials that exhibit Giant Magneto-resistor characteristics, passive
     circuitry and a secondary coil. The external coil contains proximity
     sensor circuitry that is rigidly connected in a convenient enclosure
     mounted supercutaneously. Feedback information of the position of the
     implanted coil is provided to the pulse generation circuit and the
     parameters are adjusted to compensate for any variation in the position of
     the internal coil in order to maintain the necessary signal pattern."
"A magneto-resistive random access memory (MRAM) configuration is described
     in which line driver circuits are respectively assigned via connecting
     nodes to two memory cell arrays, with the result that the area for the
     driver circuits can practically be halved. Therefore a space-saving
     architecture and a more efficient MRAM configuration is obtained."
"An improved MR sensor has a ferromagnetic free layer whose magnetization is
     stabilized by an in-stack three layers combination, which including an
     auxiliary ferromagnetic layer proximate the ferromagnetic free layer, a
     non-magnetic spacer layer disposed between the ferromagnetic free layer
     and the auxiliary ferromagnetic layer, and a pinning layer adjacent to the
     auxiliary ferromagnetic layer. The pinning layer is directly
     exchange-coupled to the auxiliary ferromagnetic layer such that the
     magnetization of the auxiliary ferromagnetic layer is pinned. The
     non-magnetic spacer layer is made of a material, such as Ru, which induces
     an anti-ferromagnetic exchange coupling between the ferromagnetic free
     layer and the auxiliary ferromagnetic layer. The magnetization of the
     ferromagnetic free layer is stabilized in a single-domain state by the
     combination of the anti-ferromagnetic exchange-coupling and magnetostatic
     coupling between the ferromagnetic free layer and the auxiliary
     ferromagnetic layer."
"A spin valve (SV) magnetoresistive sensor is provided having an AP-pinned
     layer, a laminated ferromagnetic free layer and a non-magnetic
     electrically conductive spacer layer sandwiched between the AP-pinned
     layer and the free layer. The AP-pinned layer comprises first and second
     ferromagnetic layers separated by an antiparallel coupling (APC) layer.
     The laminated free layer comprises a third ferromagnetic layer of Co--Fe
     adjacent to the spacer layer and a fourth ferromagnetic layer of
     Co--Fe--Hf--O. The Co--Fe--Hf--O material of the fourth ferromagnetic
     layer has high resistivity resulting in reduced sense current shunting by
     the free layer. In addition, the metal oxide material of the fourth
     ferromagnetic layer is known to cause specular scattering of electrons.
     The reduced sense current shunting and the specular scattering of
     electrons both contribute to improving the GMR coefficient of the SV
     sensor."
"A dual hybrid magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ)/giant magnetoresistance (GMR)
     sensor is provided having an MTJ stack, a GMR stack and a common free
     layer. The MTJ stack includes a first antiferromagnetic (AFM) layer, an
     first antiparallel (AP)-pinned layer and a tunnel barrier layer. The GMR
     stack, operating in the current perpendicular to the plane (CPP) mode,
     includes a second AFM layer, a second AP-pinned layer and a spacer layer.
     The first and second AFM layers are set to pin the magnetizations of the
     first and second AP-pinned layers perpendicular to the ABS and in the same
     direction with respect to each other resulting in an additive response to
     a signal field of the MTJ and GMR stacks. The thickness of the spacer
     layer in the GMR stack is chosen to provide a negative ferromagnetic
     coupling field between the second AP-pinned layer and the free layer which
     opposes the positive ferromagnetic coupling field between the first
     AP-pinned layer and the free layer across the tunnel barrier layer. The
     net ferromagnetic coupling field at the free layer can be reduced to a
     small value resulting in an improved bias point for the free layer of the
     MTJ/GMR sensor."
"A rotary head assembly including a plurality of magnetic heads with
     predetermined azimuth angles. These magnetic heads are formed by mounting
     MR elements of MR heads and magnetic gaps in inductive heads so that they
     are exposed from an outer periphery of a rotary drum. End portions of the
     MR elements of the MR heads are positioned at the same height H.sub.0 ',
     and end portions defining the magnetic gaps in the inductive heads are
     positioned at the same height H.sub.0. The rotary head assembly is used in
     a helical-scanning-type magnetic recording and reproducing apparatus,
     which includes MR heads and inductive heads and which can provide a large
     reproducing operation output when forming azimuth angles at the magnetic
     gaps using thin-film magnetic heads."
"The present invention relates to a method for measuring characteristics of
     a tunnel magnetoresistance effect element having a tunnel multilayered
     film comprising a tunnel barrier layer and a first and a second
     ferromagnetic layer formed to sandwich the tunnel barrier layer
     therebetween. This method comprises the steps of setting an initial
     current value I.sub.0 which does not destroy the element to be measured,
     measuring, using the current value I.sub.0, a first resistance value R1 as
     an approximate resistance value of the element, defining, based on the
     first resistance value R1 and a voltage value Vs which is a measurement
     standard for the element, an inspection current value Is (Is=Vs/R1), and
     measuring characteristics of the element using the inspection current
     value Is. Therefore, ""without damaging or destroying elements"" and ""in an
     effective way"", the characteristics of the element can be measured."
"Sense current is applied in pulses, synchronized with the timing clock
     generated by a clock generator 5, to transducer 2 in the information
     storage device, reducing the time-averaged value of the sense current. The
     recorded information on the magnetic disk medium 1 is reproduced by the MR
     head as reproducing signal pulses in synchronism with the above timing
     clock. The amplitude of the reproducing signal pulses are proportional to
     the magnetic field of the magnetic disk medium 1. The reproducing signal
     pulses are sample-held by a sample-hold circuit 6, and after being
     digitized by an A/D converter 7, recorded data are retrieved through a
     demodulator circuit 8 of a partial-response system."
"A magnetic recording medium comprising at least a lower non-magnetic layer
     containing at least a non-magnetic powders and a binder resin formed on a
     non-magnetic support and an upper magnetic layer formed on the lower
     non-magnetic layer, wherein the magnetic recording medium is used for a
     recording-reproducing system in which recorded signals are reproduced by
     an MR head, and a plastic deformation hardness Hv from the upper magnetic
     layer surface to an indentation depth of 0.1 .mu.m is 100 to 200
     mgf/.mu.m.sup.2 and a Young's modulus E in a thickness direction from the
     upper magnetic layer surface to the indentation depth of 0.1 .mu.m is 2000
     to 3000 mgf/.mu.m.sup.2."
"To protect the MR read head element from ESD damage during wafer level
     manufacturing, a lead from the MR element is electrically connected to one
     or both of the read head element shields during manufacturing. In a
     preferred embodiment of the present invention, the electrical connection
     is fabricated in the kerf area between adjacent magnetic heads as they are
     fabricated upon a wafer substrate. Thereafter, when the magnetic heads are
     separated by saw cutting through the kerf areas, the electrical
     connections are thereby removed, such that the MR element electrical leads
     and the shields are electrically isolated. In an alternative embodiment,
     one or more of the shields, as well as the MR element leads can also be
     electrically connected to the substrate upon which the magnetic head is
     fabricated. In further alternative embodiments, the electrical connection
     between one or more of the shields and the MR element electrical lead can
     be fabricated within the magnetic head area, rather than in the kerf area,
     and a suitable resistance is fabricated into the interconnecting circuit.
     In this embodiment, the electrical interconnection between the MR element
     electrical lead and one or more of the shields has a pre-designed
     electrical resistance and it remains in the magnetic head following
     fabrication."
"Methods and apparatus are described relating to an electronic device which
     includes at least one configurable resistive element. Each such
     configurable resistive element includes at least one multi-layer thin film
     element exhibiting giant magnetoresistance. The resistance value of each
     configurable resistive element is configurable over a resistance value
     range by application of at least one magnetic field which manipulates at
     least one magnetization vector associated with the thin film element. One
     embodiment is an adjustable output gate. Another embodiment is a
     differential amplifier in which the gain of each channel is adjustable."
"An improved and novel magnetic element and fabrication method. The magnetic
     element (10;30) including a bottom pinned ferromagnetic layer (12;32) and
     a top pinned ferromagnetic layer (20;40) fabricated antiparallel to one
     another. The magnetic element (10;30) further including a bottom tunnel
     barrier layer (14;34), a free ferromagnetic layer (16;46 and 48) and a top
     tunnel barrier layer (18;38) formed between the bottom pinned
     ferromagnetic layer (12;32) and the top pinned ferromagnetic layer
     (20;40). The structure is defined as including two (2) tunnel barrier
     layers in which one tunnel barrier layer is normal (18) and one is
     reversed (14), or a structure in which the two tunnel barrier layers are
     of the same type (34; 38) with the structure further includes a SAF
     structure (36) to allow for consistently changing magnetoresistance ratios
     across both tunnel barriers. The magnetic element (10;30) having an
     improved magnetoresistance ratio and a decrease in voltage dependence."
"Magneto-resistive tunnel junction head having a tunnel multilayered film
     with a tunnel barrier layer, a ferromagnetic free layer, and a
     ferromagnetic pinned layer formed as a sandwich. A magnetic field is
     applied to the free layer in a longitudinal direction by biasing elements
     at opposite ends, and a length of the free layer is greater than a length
     of the pinned layer such that the free layer has portions extending beyond
     opposite ends of the pinned layer. A head output suitable for ultra-high
     density recording can be obtained with less reduction of TMR ratio.
     Selection of the biasing element is flexible. A hard material and also an
     antiferromagnetic material can be selected and the biasing elements can be
     disposed on either an upper or lower side of the free layer at a desired
     distance."
"A thin-film magnetic head comprises a first shield layer, an MR element, a
     second shield layer, a recording gap layer, a top pole layer and a
     thin-film coil. The MR element is placed on the first shield layer, being
     insulated from the first shield layer. The second shield layer is
     magnetically connected to the first shield layer, and is located to face
     toward a part of the first shield layer closest to an air bearing surface,
     the MR element being placed between the second shield layer and the part
     of the first shield layer, the second shield layer being insulated from
     the MR element. The top pole layer is magnetically connected to the first
     shield layer, and is located on the second shield layer, the gap layer
     being placed between the second shield layer and the top pole layer. The
     thin-film coil is located on a side of the second shield layer, being
     insulated from the shield layers and the top pole layer."
"A system and method for acquisition signal error estimation is provided
     which uses one or more past values of the sequence to determine the
     nearest ideal sample value. According to one embodiment, four consecutive
     samples are used. According to another embodiment, two samples are used.
     The acquisition signal error estimator maybe used in conjunction with
     gain, DC offset, or magneto-resistive asymmetry control loops in a sampled
     amplitude read channel."
"A position sensor system capable of self compensation over wide temperature
     ranges, air gaps and tilts. Three matched MRs are aligned in the direction
     of movement of a magnetic target. The middle MR is the position sensor,
     and the two outer MRs serve as reference sensors which sense the magnetic
     field at the limits of the position sensing range. The cooperating
     magnetic target assures that one of the two outer MR elements is always
     exposed to some maximum magnetic field, B.sub.MAX, corresponding to a
     position X.sub.MAX, and the other MR element is always exposed to some
     minimum magnetic field, B.sub.MIN, corresponding to a position X.sub.MIN,
     such that B.sub.MIN.ltoreq.B.sub.X.ltoreq.B.sub.MAX, corresponding to
     X.sub.MIN.ltoreq.X.ltoreq.X.sub.MAX, where B.sub.X is the magnetic field
     measured by the middle MR and varies with the position, X, of the target.
     The actual position, X, is computed assuming a linear relation between MR
     resistance in the magnetic field range from B.sub.MIN to B.sub.MAX and the
     position, X, of the target. This is accomplished by making the magnetic
     field a linear function of position in the range X.sub.MIN to X.sub.MAX
     and using MRs whose resistance is a linear function of magnetic field in
     the range B.sub.MIN to B.sub.MAX."
"A system and method for providing a head for reading data is disclosed. The
     method and system include providing a magnetoresistive element and
     providing a flux guide having a high resistivity. The magnetoresistive
     element has an end. The flux guide also has an end. The end of the flux
     guide is adjacent to the end of the magnetoresistive element."
"A method for forming a specularly reflecting bottom spin valve
     magnetoresistive (SVMR) sensor element with continuous spacer exchange
     hard bias and a specularly reflecting bottom spin valve magnetoresistive
     (SVMR) sensor element fabricated according to that method. To practice the
     method, there is provided a substrate upon which is formed a seed layer,
     upon which is formed an antiferromagnetic pinning layer, upon which is
     formed a ferromagnetic pinned layer, upon which is formed a non-magnetic
     spacer layer, upon which is formed a ferromagnetic free layer, upon which
     is formed a specularly reflecting and capping layer. The width of the
     sensor element is defined by a pair of conducting leads aligned upon a
     pair of continuous spacer exchange hard bias layers."
"An improved free layer structure for a spin valve sensor achieves a high
     magnetoresistance with the use of multiple layers of a Co-Fe alloy. The
     improved free layer also achieves a high degree of softness by laminating
     and alternating the Co-Fe alloy layers with intervening layers of a metal
     alloy containing Ni and Fe and by limiting the thickness of the Co-Fe
     alloy layers to a thickness preferably of 10 .ANG. or less. The
     intervening metal alloy layers may also comprise Co and/or materials with
     a high electrical resistance. The layer of Co-Fe alloy closest to a Cu
     spacer layer may be thicker than subsequent Co-Fe alloy layers. Preferred
     embodiments are comprised of alternating layers of Co.sub.90 Fe and
     Ni.sub.66 Fe.sub.16 Co.sub.18 in individual layer thicknesses of about
     seven .ANG., with the first layer of Co.sub.90 Fe.sub.10 having a
     thickness of about 10 .ANG.."
"System and method for view navigation and magnification of the display of
     hand-held devices in response to the orientation changes along only two
     axes of rotation as measured by sensors inside the devices. The view
     navigation system is engaged and controlled by a single hand which
     simultaneously presses two ergonomically designed switches on both sides
     of the hand-held device. In other embodiments, the system engaged into the
     view navigation mode in response to an operator command in the form of a
     finger tap, or a voice command, or predefined user gestures. The response
     curve of the view navigation to sensed changes in orientation is
     dynamically changing to allow coarse and fine navigation of the view.
     Various methods are described to terminate the view navigation mode and
     fix the display at the desired view. Miniature sensors like
     accelerometers, tilt sensors, or magneto-resistive direction sensors sense
     the orientation changes. The system can be added to an existing hand-held
     device via an application interface of the device."
"Magnetic field sensors and magnetic memories have at least two
     magnetoresistive bridge elements (A,B,C,D), wherein each magnetoresistive
     element comprises a free (F) and a pinned (P) ferromagnetic layer. The
     magnetization directions of pinned ferromagnetic layers are different for
     the two bridge elements. In the method, in a first deposition step, a
     first ferromagnetic layer of one of the two said elements is deposited,
     during which deposition a magnetic field is applied to pin the
     magnetization direction MP in the first ferromagnetic layer in a first
     direction. Then, in a second deposition step, a second ferromagnetic layer
     of the other of the two said elements is deposited, during which
     deposition a magnetic field is applied to pin the magnetization direction
     in the second ferromagnetic layer in a second direction different from,
     preferably opposite to, the magnetization direction in the first
     ferromagnetic layer."
"A matrix array of memory cells are located on intersections of word lines
     and sense lines. Each memory cell has a magnetoresistance element and a
     switching element which establishes a connection between a corresponding
     sense line and the magnetoresistance element when a corresponding word
     line is addressed. A number of sense circuits are respectively provided
     for the sense lines. Each sense circuit includes a capacitive element
     connected to the corresponding sense line and a switching element for
     applying a voltage to the capacitive element and causing it to discharge
     when the corresponding sense line is addressed. The voltage developed
     across the capacitive element of each sense circuit is used to produce a
     binary output signal representative of information stored in an address
     memory cell. A number of voltage control elements are provided for
     maintaining the sense lines at constant lower voltages regardless of
     higher voltages produced by the sense circuits."
"A matrix array of memory cells are located on intersections of word lines
     and sense lines. Each memory cell includes a magnetoresistance element and
     a switching element which establishes a resistive connection between a
     corresponding sense line and the magnetoresistance element when a
     corresponding word line is addressed. A number of sense circuits are
     respectively correspond to the sense lines. Each sense circuit includes a
     capacitive element connected to the corresponding sense line and a
     switching element for applying a voltage to the capacitive element and
     removing the voltage when the corresponding sense line is addressed,
     thereby discharging energy from the capacitive element through the
     resistive connection to the magnetoresistance element. The voltage
     developed across the capacitive element of each sense circuit is used to
     produce a binary output signal representative of information stored in an
     address memory cell."
"MRAM memory having a memory cell array (2) comprising magnetoresistive
     memory components (6a, 6b) arranged in at least one memory cell layer
     above a semiconductor substrate (4), word lines (7) and bit lines (8, 9)
     for making contact with the magnetoresistive memory components (6a, 6b) in
     the memory cell array (2); and having a drive logic arrangement (5a, 5b,
     5c) for driving the magnetoresistive memory components (6a, 6b) in the
     memory cell array (2) via the word and bit lines (7, 8, 9), the drive
     logic arrangement (5a, 5b, 5c) being integrated below the memory cell
     array (2) in and on the semiconductor substrate (4)."
"A system and method for providing a magnetoresistive head is disclosed. The
     method and system include providing a first gap and providing a seed
     layer. The seed layer is disposed above the first gap and has a space
     therein. The method and system further include providing a
     magnetoresistive element substantially covering the space in the seed
     layer and providing a hard bias layer above the seed layer. A portion of
     the hard bias layer is immediately adjacent to a portion of the
     magnetoresistive element."
"The present invention is to provide a magnetoresistance effect type head
     which well generates the information stored in a memory device at high
     memory density while limiting the generation of Barkhausen noises. The
     magnetoresistance effect type head comprises a magnetoresistance effect
     element which contains a free magnetic layer having an overhang portion
     which is overhung and spread in left and right directions and is changed
     in resistance by a change in the azimuth of the magnetization of the free
     magnetic layer, and paired upper and lower magnetic wall control layers
     which are in contact with the upper and under surfaces of the left and
     right overhang portions of the free magnetic layer respectively and
     restrict the movement of the magnetic wall of the free magnetic layer."
"A magnetoresistive sensor according to the present invention has a
     spin-valve film structure which includes an underfilm, a first
     ferromagnetic film, a conductive film, a second ferromagnetic film, an
     antiferromagnetic film and a protective film. One surface of the first
     ferromagnetic film is adjacent to the one surface of the underfilm, and
     the one surface of the conductive film is adjacent to the other surface of
     the first ferromagnetic film. One surface of the second ferromagnetic film
     is adjacent to the other surface of the conductive film. One surface of
     the antiferromagnetic film adjacent to the other surface of the second
     ferromagnetic film, and thus, the antiferromagnetic film is bonded to the
     second ferromagnetic film with exchange interaction. One surface of the
     protective film is adjacent to the other surface of the antiferromagnetic
     film. The underfilm has a face centered cubic crystal structure, and is
     oriented in the (111) plane direction. Then, the distance between the
     adjacent (111) planes of the spin-valve film structure except the
     antiferromagnetic film is within 0.2050-0.2064 nm."
"The present invention improves the reproduction resolution in a magnetic
     disc apparatus of the double layered perpendicular magnetic recording
     method. A perpendicular magnetic recording medium 20 includes an undercoat
     soft a magnetic film 24 and a perpendicular magnetization film 28 formed
     on a substrate 22. An MR head 210 includes an MR element 213 arranged
     between magnetic shield layers 211 and 213 as soft magnetic bodies. By
     simulation of an MR head reproduction response of the double layered
     perpendicular magnetic recording method, the reproduction gap length g is
     defined to be not greater than 0.1 [micrometers], the magnetic spacing d
     is defined to be not greater than 20 [nm], the perpendicular magnetization
     film 28 is defined to have a thickness .delta. not greater than 50 [nm],
     and the undercoat soft magnetic film 24 is defined to have a thickness not
     greater than 20 [nm]."
"For improving a thermal asperity of a magnetoresistive effective type thin
     film magnetic head, a thin film magnetic head is provided which does not
     deteriorate an insulation between leads for a magnetoresistive element and
     a top and bottom shields even if a shield gap layer is thinner and can
     read reproducing signals precisely by reducing the resistances of the
     leads. A first and a second conductive layers are provided in insulating
     separation by an insulating layer between a substrate and a bottom shield,
     and are connected to one ends of a magnetoresistive layer via a first and
     a second conductive plugs and a first and a second drawing electrode
     layers, respectively. The other ends of the first and second conductive
     layers are connected to contacting pads for connection to an external
     circuit via a pair of conductive layers formed at the same time when a
     third and a fourth conductive plugs and the bottom pole are formed or when
     a thin film coil is formed."
"A read head of a head device used in a disk storage apparatus is provided
     including a spin-valve magnetoresistive (MR) element. The spin-valve MR
     element comprises a pinning magnetic layer of which magnetizing direction
     is determined, a free magnetic layer of which magnetizing direction can be
     shifted by a signal magnetic field derived from the disk, and a
     non-magnetic layer sandwiched between the pinning magnetic layer and the
     free magnetic layer. The head also includes a remagnetization layer which
     functions as a control element for correcting the magnetizing direction of
     the pinning magnetic layer."
"Tunnel effect magnetoresistance comprising, in the form of a stack:
    a first layer (12) of free magnetisation magnetic material,
    a ""barrier"" layer (16), composed of an electrically insulating material,
     and
    a second layer (14) of trapped magnetisation magnetic material,
According to the invention, the thickness of the first layer (12) of
     magnetic material is less than 10 nm.
The invention may be particularly applied to the manufacture of magnetic
     data read heads."
"A ferromagnetic thin-film based sensing arrangement having a plurality of
     magnetic field sensors on a substrate each having an intermediate layer of
     a nonmagnetic material with two major surfaces on opposite sides thereof
     with one of a pair of magnetically permeable films each of a
     magnetoresistive, anisotropic ferromagnetic material correspondingly
     positioned thereon with first and second oriented sensors therein
     respectively having a selected and a reversing magnetization orientation
     structure provided with one of said pair of permeable films thereof for
     orienting its magnetization in a selected direction absent an externally
     applied magnetic field in at least partly opposing directions.
     Alternatively, these magnetizations of the films can be oriented in the
     same direction but with the other film member of the pair provided
     adjacent a coupling layer that antiferromagnetically couples thereto a
     further ferromagnetic layer on an opposite side thereof of a lesser
     thickness for one sensor and a greater thickness for the other. Such a
     sensing arrangement can be formed by providing a succession of material
     layers on a substrate with one or more coupling layers for
     antiferromagnetically coupling ferromagnetic layers on opposite sides
     thereof including a permeable film. Selective removal of the succession
     follows to provide unequal numbers of coupling layers for the two kinds of
     sensors or unequal thicknesses of corresponding ferromagnetic layers
     corresponding to the coupling layer and the providing of a pinning layer
     for both kinds of sensors which are thereafter separated by further
     material removal."
"The present invention provides a thin film magnetic head that can
     efficiently dissipate the heat generated by the stationary sensing
     current, suppress heat diffusion, firing loss, decrease of output levels
     and deterioration of exchange anisotropic magnetic field as well as being
     excellent in linear responses and having suppressed Barkhausen noises,
     wherein the magnetic head comprises at least the magnetoresistive element
     layer deposited on the lower shield layer via lower gap layer, and the
     upper shield layer deposited on the electrode layer via the upper gap
     layer, at least one of the lower gap layer and upper gap layer comprising
     the highly heat-conductive insulation layer containing at least Al, N, X
     and O, wherein X is one or plural kinds of the element selected from Si,
     B, Ge and C."
"A flexible circuit incorporating electrostatic discharge (ESD) limiting
     features and being suitable for use in the fabrication of hard disk drives
     for computer applications. Conductive polymer strips are implemented to
     enhance the static dissipative characteristics of the flexible circuit and
     to protect magnetorestistive (MR) heads of a hard disk drive (HDD) from
     damage during the manufacture of the head gimbal assembly (HGA) of the
     HDD."
"In the Chemical Mechanical Polishing (CMP) process employed for
     microelectronics manufacturing, three contact regimes between the wafer
     surface and the polishing pad may be proposed: direct contact, mixed or
     partial contact, and hydroplaning. However, an effective in situ method
     for characterizing the wafer/pad contact and a systematic way of relating
     contact conditions to the process parameters are still lacking. In this
     work, the interfacial friction force, measured by a load sensor on the
     wafer carrier, has been employed to characterize the contact conditions.
     Models that relate the friction coefficient to the applied pressure,
     relative velocity, and slurry viscosity are developed and verified by
     experiments. Additionally, a correlation between friction coefficient and
     the material removal rate (MR) is established and the effects of process
     parameters on the Preston constant are investigated."
"A ferromagnetic double quantum well tunneling magnetoresistance device is
     disclosed that utilizes a two-dimensional electron (positive hole) system
     to obtain an infinitely great magnetoresistance ratio. Also disclosed are
     a sensitive magnetic sensor and a nonvolatile storage device derived from
     that device. In structural terms of the device, a first and a second
     quantum well layer of ferromagnetic material (4, 8) in each of which the
     quantum confinement for carriers is established in a two-dimensional
     electron (positive hole) state are each sandwiched between a pair of
     barrier layers of nonmagnetic material (2, 6, 10) through which the
     carriers can tunnel. The first and second quantum well layers (4, 8) have
     a difference in coercive force so that when an external magnetic field is
     applied thereto only one of them may be reversed in the direction of
     magnetization. As a result, if magnetizations of the two quantum wells are
     parallel to each other, tunneling is allowed to occur, and if they are
     antiparallel to each other, tunneling is inhibited. A infinitely great
     tunneling magnetoresistance ratio is thereby obtained."
"The magnetoresistance effect element according to the present invention
     comprises an anti-ferromagnetic layer, a fixed magnetic layer, a
     non-magnetic layer and a free magnetic layer laminated successively onto a
     base layer. The anti-ferromagnetic layer is a single layer film or
     multiple layer film comprising Ni oxide, Co oxide or Fe oxide as a
     principal component, or a mixture of these. An adhesive layer for
     preventing peeling due to heat generated by the flow of current is
     provided between the base layer and the anti-ferromagnetic layer.
By providing an adhesive layer between the base layer and the ferromagnetic
     layer in this way, the adhesive force between the base layer and the
     anti-ferromagnetic layer is increased, and therefore peeling and the like
     does not arise even when temperature changes occur in the
     magnetoresistance effect element."
"The present invention is to realize a magnetic recording and reproducing
     apparatus in which even if a spacing between shields of a magnetic head is
     narrowed, a deterioration in characteristic caused by a short-circuiting
     between a magnetoresistive layer and a magnetic shield layer is prevented
     to provide a high recording density. The present invention comprises an
     upper shield layer 15, a lower shield layer 13,and a magnetoresistive
     layer 14 arranged therebetween. Further, there is provided a constitution
     in which one or both shield layers has (have) a high resistance layer
     comprising a mixed layer of ferromagnetic metal and an insulating
     material, or a discontinuous multi-layer having a plurality of
     ferromagnetic metal layers and a plurality of insulating material layers
     laminated alternately, to prevent a deterioration in characteristic caused
     by a short-circuiting."
"A method and system for providing a magnetoresistive head that reads data
     from a recording media is disclosed. The method and system include
     providing a first shield, a second shield, a magnetoresistive sensor, and
     a lead. The first shield has a first end, a central portion and a second
     end. The first end is closer to the recording media during use than the
     second end. The second shield has a first end, a central portion, and a
     second end. The first end of the second shield is separated from the first
     end of the first shield by a read gap. The central portion of the second
     shield is separated from the central portion of the first shield by a
     distance that is greater than the read gap. The magnetoresistive sensor is
     disposed between the first shield and the second shield and has a front
     end and a back end. The front end of the magnetoresistive sensor is
     electrically coupled with the first end of the first shield or the first
     end of the second shield. The lead is electrically coupled with the back
     end of the magnetoresistive sensor. Thus, current is driven through the
     magnetoresistive sensor in a direction substantially perpendicular to the
     recording media during use."
"A magneto-resistive (M-R) head has a read element with a servo sensing
     width as wide as a data track width and a data sensing width of less than
     one data track width. The two read sensing widths are achieved by using a
     single read element having a center electrical contact from the M-R read
     element that effectively reduces the sensing width of the read element. In
     a first embodiment, the servo sensing width comprises a first portion of
     the read element and the data sensing width comprises a second, smaller
     portion of the read element. In a second embodiment, the servo sensing
     width comprises the entire read element width and the data sensing width
     comprises a portion thereof. In yet another embodiment, abutting read
     elements are constructed to enable separate optimization of each sensing
     width. The wide servo sensing width permits use of a wide servo pattern
     having servo bursts as wide as a data track width. A position error
     sensing (PES) signal produced with the wide servo read element and wide
     servo pattern has increased linearity and accuracy."
"A magnetic recording system which can suppress an influence by a thermal
     fluctuation and is suitable for the high density magnetic recording in
     which excellent S/N ratio and resolution are obtained is provided. There
     is provided a magnetic recording system constructed by: a magnetic
     recording medium having a magnetic layer formed on a substrate through an
     underlayer; a driving unit for driving the medium in the recording
     direction; a magnetic head constructed by a recording unit and a
     reproducing unit; an apparatus for relatively moving the magnetic head to
     the magnetic recording medium; and a recording reproduction signal
     processing apparatus for performing a signal input to the magnetic head
     and an output signal reproduction from the magnetic head, wherein the
     reproducing unit of the magnetic head is constructed by a
     magneto-resistance effect type head and the system has a recording
     magnetization pattern in which a magnetization transition length of the
     magnetic recording medium is equal to 70 nm or less, the direction of an
     axis of easy magnetization of the magnetic particles in the magnetic layer
     of the magnetic recording medium is three-dimensionally oriented. Even
     after the elapse of 100 hours after the recording and at a linear
     recording density of 360 kfci, a reproduction output hardly decreases. A
     degree of deterioration of the S/N ratio of the output to the noises and
     the resolution are smaller than that of the conventional system."
"A self-compensating control circuit for use with a magneto-resistive
     sensor. The control circuit includes a first stage amplification and
     offset function that removes a DC component from the input signal and
     maximizes an AC component of the input signal within the dynamic range of
     the control circuit. Subsequent stages remove the remaining DC component,
     if any, and provide suitable additional amplification. A comparator
     provides a digital output based on the processed input signal and a
     threshold signal."
"A magnetoresistive sensor assembly includes a housing and a permanent
     magnet disposed within the housing. The sensor also includes two
     magnetoresistive dies within the housing in close proximity to the magnet.
     Three leads that are electrically connected to the magnetoresistive dies
     extend from the housing. The sensor assembly is manufactured using a
     leadframe formed with plural long slots and plural short slots. The magnet
     is attached to the leadframe such that the corners of the magnet are
     visible through the leadframe, and the magnetoresistive dies are attached
     to the leadframe based on the position of the magnet. As such, greater
     precision concerning the placement of the magnetoresistive dies relative
     to the magnet can be achieved."
"A method for fabricating balanced shield connections for noise reduction
     MR/GMR read heads and an MR/MGR read head so fabricated. The present
     invention teaches a method for forming a balanced electrical half-bridge
     in parallel with the MR/GMR element of a read head so as to reduce
     readback noise caused by discharges between the two ends of the MR/GMR
     sensor element, which are at different potentials as a result of the bias
     current passing through the sensor, and the magnetic shields, whose
     potential is constant. The half-bridge is connected to each of the
     magnetic shields by interconnects attached to a pad at its mid-point, thus
     placing the shields at the same average potential as the sensor element."
"A soft adjacent layer made from a ternary alloy material and a MR sensor
     utilizing this soft adjacent layer. The ternary alloy material CoXY
     includes cobalt (Co), a first transition metal X and a second transition
     metal Y. In a preferred embodiment, X is niobium (Nb) and Y is titanium
     (Ti) so that the resulting ternary alloy material is CoNbTi.
     Alternatively, X and Y may be any transition metals such that the
     resulting ternary alloy material CoXY exhibits properties similar to
     CoNbTi. The high-density MR sensor of the present invention includes a SAL
     made from the ternary alloy material, a MR layer and a non-magnetic spacer
     sandwiched between the SAL and MR layer."
"The present invention provides a magneto-resistive (MR) element comprising:
     a first magnetic layer 1 provided on a substrate; a non-magnetic layer 3
     arranged to be in contact with the first magnetic layer; and a second
     magnetic layer 2 arranged to be in contact with the non-magnetic layer;
     wherein sense current flowing in the first and the second magnetic layer
     is changed by a resistance change according to an external magnetic field,
     and a sense current flowing distance in the first magnetic layer and/or a
     sense current flowing distance in the second magnetic layer is longer than
     a sense current flowing distance in a superimposed portion of the first
     magnetic layer, the non-magnetic layer, and the second magnetic layer."
"The current invention provides for magnetic sensor devices with reduced gap
     thickness and improved thermal conductivity. Gap structures of the current
     invention are integrated in laminated Magneto-Resistive and Spin-Valve
     sensors used in magnetic data storage systems. The gap structures are
     produced by depositing metal layers and oxidizing portions of or all of
     the metal layers to form thin high quality oxidized metal dielectric
     separator layers. The oxidized metal layer provides for excellent
     electrical insulation of the sensor element and any remaining metallic
     portions of the metal layers provide a thermally conducting pathway to
     assist the dissipation of heat generated by the sensor element. Because of
     the combined qualities of electrical insulation and thermal conductivity,
     magnetic sensor devices of this invention can be made with thinner gap
     structures and operated at higher drive currents. Further, oxidized metal
     layers provide suitable surfaces to growing oxidized metal gap insulator
     layers of any thickness."
"The width W1 of the lower shield thin film 3 and the width W2 of the upper
     shield thin film 7 are specified so that each of these widths is larger
     than the width W3 of the MR element 5 and is smaller than the contact
     width W4."
"The present invention provides a yoke type magnetoresistive (MR) composite
     thin film head having no other gap than the recording/reproducing gap so
     as to increase the recording characteristics and reproduction
     characteristics. A magnetic gap 70 is formed between a front portion of an
     upper pole 6 and a front portion of a lower pole 1, whereas a rear portion
     of the upper pole 6 and a rear portion of the lower pole 1 are
     magnetically connected to form a magnetic flux path. A mesa pattern 2 is
     provided apart from the magnetic gap 70 and a magnetoresistive element (MR
     pattern) 3 is arranged on a front slope 2a of the mesa pattern 2. The
     upper pole 6 and the lower pole 1 are magnetically bridged via the MR
     element 3, so as to form a separate magnetic flux flow path via the MR
     element 3. This separate magnetic flux flow path is used for reproduction
     of a magnetic recording information. A write-in coil is arranged on the
     mesa pattern 2. The upper pole 6 and the lower pole 1 have no gap in the
     midst of the poles, increasing the ratio of generation of the recording
     magnetic field. A lead pattern 3a is derived from the front slope 2a and
     via a side slope 2b."
"A data transfer head includes a data transfer element for transferring date
     between the data transfer head and a data storage medium and a dielectric
     gap electrically shielding the data transfer element. The dielectric gap
     includes a plurality of layered dielectric film wherein adjacent
     dielectric films are formed of different dielectric materials. A method of
     forming a magnetoresistive sensor includes forming a thin film data
     transfer element and forming a dielectric gap to electrically shield the
     data transfer element. Forming the dielectric gap includes depositing a
     number of adjacent dielectric films on an underlayer and depositing a
     second dielectric film on the first dielectric film. The second dielectric
     film being different from the first dielectric film."
"An object of the invention is to improve the insulating property between an
     electrode connected to a magnetoresistive element and a shield layer. A
     thin-film magnetic head of the invention includes: a magnetoresistive
     element; a bottom shield layer and a top shield layer for shielding the
     magnetoresistive element, wherein portions of the bottom shield layer and
     the top shield layer facing a recording medium are opposed to each other
     with the magnetoresistive element in between; two insulating layers each
     provided between the magnetoresistive element and each of the shield
     layers; a conductive layer connected to the magnetoresistive element; and
     an induction-type magnetic transducer. The bottom shield layer, for
     example, has a groove in which the conductive layer making up a lead
     connected to the magnetoresistive element is placed. The conductive layer
     is placed in the groove, being insulated by an insulating film from the
     bottom shield layer."
"A disk drive that monitors changes in flying height is disclosed. In one
     embodiment, the disk drive includes a disk for storing information and an
     air bearing slider with a transducer that includes a write element for
     writing information to the disk during a write operation and a
     magneto-resistive (MR) read element for reading information from the disk
     during a read operation. The MR read element generates a readback signal
     during the write operation that includes a thermally induced signal caused
     by thermal changes in the MR read element and a magnetically induced
     signal caused by magnetic flux applied by the write element to the MR read
     element. The thermally induced signal has a relatively low frequency
     content and the magnetically induced signal has a relatively high
     frequency content. The disk drive also includes a low pass filter for
     receiving the readback signal and isolating the thermally induced signal
     from the magnetically induced signal, a threshold detector for receiving
     the thermally induced signal from the filter and generating a high fly
     write detection signal when the thermally induced signal exceeds a
     threshold value, and a controller for modifying the write operation in
     response to the high fly write detection signal."
"The magnetoresistance effect element according to the present invention
     comprises an anti-ferromagnetic layer, a fixed magnetic layer, a
     non-magnetic layer and a free magnetic layer laminated successively onto a
     base layer. The anti-ferromagnetic layer is a single layer film or
     multiple layer film comprising Ni oxide, Co oxide or Fe oxide as a
     principal component, or a mixture of these. An adhesive layer for
     preventing peeling due to heat generated by the flow of current is
     provided between the base layer and the anti-ferromagnetic layer. By
     providing an adhesive layer between the base layer and the ferromagnetic
     layer in this way, the adhesive force between the base layer and the
     anti-ferromagnetic layer is increased, and therefore peeling and the like
     does not arise even when temperature changes occur in the
     magnetoresistance effect element."
"A manufacturing method of a MR sensor includes forming a MR multi-layered
     structure of a first anti-ferromagnetic material layer, a first
     ferromagnetic material layer (pinned layer) which receives bias magnetic
     field caused by exchange coupling with the first anti-ferromagnetic
     material layer, a nonmagnetic material layer and a second ferromagnetic
     material layer (free layer) which changes its magnetization direction in
     response to magnetic signal applied thereto, depositing a protection layer
     on the MR multi-layered structure, removing full depth of at least end
     regions of the protection layer and a partial depth of end regions of the
     second ferromagnetic material layer, and forming a second
     anti-ferromagnetic material layer for exchange coupling to control
     magnetic domain in the second ferromagnetic material layer, on at least
     the end regions of the second ferromagnetic material layer. The removing
     is executed before annealing for controlling magnetization direction of
     the first anti-ferromagnetic material layer."
"The encoder of the present invention includes at least a pair of giant
     magnetoresistive effect elements, in which the giant magnetoresistive
     effect elements to be paired are formed on a substrate in a state that the
     elements are connected mutually electrically with the orientations of
     magnetization axes of the pinned magnetic layers each facing the same
     direction in parallel, a magnetic coding member is rotatably supported to
     face the giant magnetoresistive effect elements on the substrate, and the
     magnetic coding member has a plurality of magnetic poles formed along the
     direction of rotation of itself."
"In a position detecting device for a moving object, such as a camshaft
     gear, having ridges and valleys, magnetoresistive elements are disposed in
     positions offset in the rotation direction of the moving object from the
     magnetic center of a bias magnetic field projected by a bias magnet. The
     direction of the bias magnetic field is different when the moving object
     is in a ridge position from when it is in a valley position. A mid-point
     potential of the MREs is taken as the output of an MRE bridge to obtain an
     output value which is different when the moving object is in the ridge
     position from when it is in the valley position. It is thus possible to
     distinguish between the ridge position and the valley position of the
     moving object."
"In a tunneling magnetoresistance transducer including first and second
     ferromagnetic layers and a tunnel barrier layer made of insulating
     material sandwiched by the first and second ferromagnetic layers, the
     resistance of the tunnel barrier layer remains essentially constant
     independent of the temperature of the transducer."
"The present invention relates to a method of producing a magneto-resistive
     tunnel junction head comprising a tunnel multilayered film having a tunnel
     barrier layer, a ferromagnetic free layer and a ferromagnetic pinned layer
     such that the tunnel barrier layer is held between the ferromagnetic free
     layer and the ferromagnetic pinned layer. The method comprises a
     laminating step of forming the tunnel barrier layer and a non-magnetic
     metal protect layer in turn on the ferromagnetic pinned layer, an
     insulating layer forming step of forming side insulating layers on both
     sides of a lamination body having the ferromagnetic pinned layer, the
     tunnel barrier layer and the non-magnetic metal protect layer, a cleaning
     step of cleaning the surface of the non-magnetic metal protect layer, and
     a ferromagnetic free layer forming step of forming the ferromagnetic free
     layer such that the ferromagnetic free layer faces the ferromagnetic
     pinned layer via the cleaned surface. Therefore, according to the method,
     the magneto-resistive tunnel junction head is expected to have more
     improved head characteristics."
"The present invention is a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor (100) that combines
     the advantages of abutted junction structure and regular overlaid
     structure. The abutted junction design is used with the soft adjacent
     layer (SAL) (108) and the overlaid structure is used with the MR element
     (120). The method of making the MR sensor (100) comprises depositing SAL
     (108) on top of the gap layer (106) and depositing spacer material (110)
     on top of the SAL (108). A mask (130) is placed over the central region of
     the spacer material (110) and SAL (108). The spacer material (110) and SAL
     (108) are removed in the areas not covered by the mask (130). An
     underlayer material (112) is deposited in the areas where the SAL (108)
     and spacer material (110) were removed. A hard-biasing material (114) is
     deposited on top of the underlayer (112). The mask (130) is removed and
     the MR element (120) is deposited on top of the spacer material (110) in
     the active region of the sensor (132) and on top of the hard-biasing
     material (114) in the passive regions of the sensor (134, 136). A cap
     layer (122) is deposited on top of the MR element (120) in the active
     (132) and passive regions (134, 136) of the MR sensor (100). Contacts
     (124) are placed on top of the cap layer (122) in the passive regions of
     the sensor (134, 136).
In another embodiment of the method, additional material is added to
     separate the hard-biasing material (114), thus improving the signal to
     noise ratio. A low resistivity material (116) is added after the first
     hard-biasing material (114) and a second hard-biasing material (118) is
     deposited on top of the low-resistivity material (116). The additional
     materials are deposited before the mask (130) is removed. Once the mask
     (130) is removed, the MR senor (100) is built in accordance with the first
     embodiment."
"A dual spin valve sensor is provided which is file resettable. An
     antiparallel (AP) coupled free layer structure is located between first
     and second pinned layer structures. The AP coupled free layer structure
     includes an AP coupling layer between first and second AP coupled free
     layers. When a current pulse is conducted through a sense current circuit
     the temperature of the sensor increases and conductive layers of the spin
     valve sensor exert current fields on the first and second pinned
     structures which set the magnetic spins of first and second
     antiferromagnetic pinning layers exchange coupled thereto. When the
     current pulse is terminated or reduced and the sensor cools the first and
     second pinning layers pin the magnetic moments of the first and second
     pinned layers antiparallel with respect to each other. Since magnetic
     moments of the first and second AP coupled free layers are also
     antiparallel with respect to each other the magnetic moments of the AP
     coupled free layer structure and the pinned layers are in phase so that a
     magnetoresistance, one on each side of the AP coupled free layer
     structure, are additive to provide a dual magnetoresistive effect."
"A magnetoresistance film has an ordered antiferromagnetic layer (1), a
     fixed magnetic structure portion (2) joined thereto, a non-magnetic
     conductive layer (3), and a free magnetic layer portion (4) having at
     least one magnetic layer, the fixed magnetic structure portion (2) having
     provided therein an amorphous magnetic layer (5). The magnetoresistance
     film is thereby constructed such that the amorphous magnetic layer (5) and
     the non-magnetic conductive layer (3) are joined to each other with a
     crystalline ferromagnetic intermediate layer (61) existing in between.
     Thereby, the fixed magnetic structure portion of a spin valve construction
     has therein the amorphous magnetic layer to thereby achieve the
     enhancement of the magneto-resistance change rate and the improvement of
     the heat resistance of the resulting magnetoresistance film."
"A silicon nitride dielectric film for use in an MR head according to the
     present invention comprises from about 38% to 44% by volume of Si, from
     about 35% to 37% by volume of N, and from about 21% to 24% by volume of H.
     The dielectric film is formed by plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition
     (PECVD) at relatively low temperatures. A plurality of gases capable of
     reacting to form silicon nitride are introduced into a PECVD reactor. An
     electric field is generated in the reactor to produce a plasma. The gases
     in the reactor react in the presence of the electrical field to form a
     silicon nitride dielectric film."
"A dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element, and a method for
     fabricating the dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element. When
     fabricating the dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element while
     employing the method, there are employed two pair of patterned magnetic
     biasing layers formed of a single magnetic biasing material. The two pair
     of patterned magnetic biasing layers bias a pair of patterned
     magnetoresistive (MR) layers in a pair of opposite canted directions. The
     method employs multiple thermal annealing methods one of which employs a
     thermal annealing temperature, a thermal annealing exposure time and an
     extrinsic magnetic bias field such that a first pair of transversely
     magnetically biased patterned magnetic biasing layers is not substantially
     demagnetized when forming a second pair of transversely magnetically
     biased patterned magnetic biasing layers of anti-parallel transverse
     magnetic bias direction to the first pair of transversely magnetically
     biased patterned magnetic biasing layers."
"A device for reading magnetic information, having at least one read head
     including at least one magnetoresistive bar MR for generating data pulses
     representative of information read by the head. To enable the bar to be
     biased accurately without requiring a measurement of the quiescent
     resistance of the bar, the device includes a control loop for controlling
     the power dissipated in the magnetoresistive bar, the control loop having
     a time constant which is large with respect to the duration of the data
     pulses."
"A sampled amplitude read channel is disclosed for magnetic disk storage
     systems utilizing a read head exhibiting a non-linear response such as a
     magneto-resistive (MR) read head. A sensor of the read head is adjusted to
     operate in a region of its response that provides optimum gain even though
     it may be a region of higher non-linearity. To compensate for the
     non-linearity introduced into the read signal, the read channel further
     comprises an adaptive non-linear correction circuit that is adaptively
     tuned by a least-mean-square (LMS) adaptation circuit. The analog read
     signal is sampled and the discrete time samples equalized into a desired
     partial response prior to sequence detection. The non-linear correction
     circuit is inserted into the read path prior to the sequence detector in
     order to attenuate the non-linear distortions that would otherwise degrade
     the performance of the sequence detector. A channel quality circuit
     integrated into the read channel measures and accumulates a predetermined
     error metric, such as a squared sample error or a bit error, that is used
     to optimize the adjustment of the sensor in the read head. By iteratively
     adjusting the sensor and adaptively tuning the non-linear correction
     circuit, an optimum sensor setting that minimizes the accumulated error
     metric is determined, saved, and then used as the operating setting during
     normal operation of the magnetic disk storage system."
"A magnetic force microscope (MFM) needle has a magnetic material with a
     magnetic moment that is pinned in a preferred direction. The magnetic
     moment can be of lower than conventional magnitude without risking an
     undesirable change in the direction of magnetization. The magnetic needle
     can have a ferromagnetic layer (or layers) that is stabilized by an
     antiferromagnetic layer (or layers). The needle can be employed as a
     magnetoresistance sensitivity microscope (MSM) to map the sensitivity of a
     magnetic sensor, such as a magnetoresistive (MR) or giant magnetoresistive
     (GMR) sensor. Alternatively, the needle can be employed in measuring
     magnetic fields, such as with a high frequency magnetic force microscope
     (HFMFM)."
"A method and system for providing a spin valve for use in a
     magnetoresistive head is disclosed. The method and system include
     providing a synthetic pinned layer, a nonmagnetic spacer layer, and a free
     layer. The free layer has a first magnetization canted from a first
     direction by a first angle. The nonmagnetic spacer layer is disposed
     between the free layer and the synthetic pinned layer. The synthetic
     pinned layer has a second magnetization in a second direction. The second
     direction is canted from a third direction that is transverse to the first
     direction by a second angle. The second magnetization is substantially
     orthogonal to the first magnetization."
"The MRAM architecture includes a data column of memory cells and a
     reference column, including a midpoint generator, positioned adjacent the
     data column on a substrate. The memory cells and the midpoint generator
     include similar magnetoresistive memory elements, e.g. MTJ elements. The
     MTJ elements of the generator are each set to one of Rmax and Rmin and
     connected together to provide a total resistance of a midpoint between
     Rmax and Rmin. A differential read-out circuit is coupled to the data
     column and to the reference column for differentially comparing a data
     voltage to a reference voltage."
"A method and system for providing a magnetoresistive sensor for reading
     data from a recording media is disclosed. The method and system include
     providing a first barrier layer and a second barrier layer and providing a
     free layer disposed between the first barrier layer and the second barrier
     layer. The free layer is ferromagnetic. The method and system also include
     providing a first pinned layer and a second pinned layer. The first pinned
     layer and the second pinned layer are ferromagnetic. The first barrier
     layer is disposed between the first pinned layer and one edge of the free
     layer. The second barrier layer is disposed between the second pinned
     layer and another edge of the free layer. The method and system also
     include providing a first antiferromagnetic layer and a second
     antiferromagnetic layer. The first pinned layer is magnetically coupled to
     the first antiferromagnetic layer. The second pinned layer is magnetically
     coupled to the second antiferromagnetic layer. The first barrier layer is
     sufficiently thin to allow tunneling of charge carriers between the first
     pinned layer and the free layer. The second barrier layer is sufficiently
     thin to allow tunneling of charge carriers between the second pinned layer
     and the free layer. A longitudinal bias current through the tunneling
     junctions at the two edges of the free layer achieves a large MR ratio."
"A system and method for providing a device for reading data is disclosed.
     The device includes a magnetoresistive element. The method and system
     include providing a read gap, providing a plurality of leads, and
     providing an insulator. The read gap covers at least a portion of the
     magnetoresistive element. The plurality of leads is electrically coupled
     with the magnetoresistive element. The insulator electrically isolates a
     portion of each of the plurality of leads. In one aspect, the read gap is
     formed in a first process and the insulator is formed in a second process
     decoupled from the first process."
"A multilayer structure is disclosed having a magneto resistive free layer.
     The multilayer structure is between a pair of shields and the shields are
     separated by at least two spacings. A first of the spacings is at least
     the length of the multilayer structure. A second of the spacings is
     greater than the first spacing."
"A first insulating film is provided on a first shielding film. A
     magnetoresistive effective element is provided on the first insulating
     film. A first and a second leading conductor films are provided on the
     first insulating film and connected to both ends of the magnetoresistive
     effective element. A second insulating film covers the first and second
     leading conductor films and the magnetoresistive effective element, and a
     second shielding film is provided on the second insulating film. A
     terminal conductor for measurement is conductively connected to at least
     one of the first and the second shielding films, and exposed to a
     different surface of a slider from a medium opposing surface thereof."
"In a magnetoresistive/inductive composite head including: a
     magnetoresistive head which comprises a magnetoresistive element for
     sensing magnetic field occurring above a magnetic recording medium and an
     electrode portion for supplying sense current to the magnetoresistive
     element, the magnetoresistive element and the electrode portion being
     disposed between a pair of first and second magnetic shields disposed so
     as to confront each other through magnetic gaps; and an inductive head
     which comprises a first magnetic pole using the second magnetic shield as
     a magnetic pole, a second magnetic pole disposed at the opposite side to
     the magnetoresistive element with respect to the second magnetic shield
     and a coil for exciting the first magnetic pole and the second magnetic
     pole, wherein the writing of information is performed on the magnetic
     recording medium by magnetic field occurring from a writing magnetic gap
     provided between the first magnetic pole and the second magnetic pole; and
     a recess potion for defining the width of each of the first magnetic pole
     and the second magnetic pole, the recess portion being formed on the
     surface of the second magnetic shield which confronts the magnetic
     recording medium, wherein the end potion of the recess portion and the end
     portion of the electrode portion are in a predetermined positional
     relationship with each other."
"The method and apparatus herein identifies baseline instability events
     occurring within a magneto-resistive head. The method commences by
     capturing a signal average amplitude of a signal emanating from the head.
     The signal average amplitude is used to set a threshold, the transcendence
     of which indicates a baseline instability event. Finally, each baseline
     instability event is counted. The apparatus includes an envelope detector,
     which captures the signal average amplitude. A comparator unit, operably
     connected to the envelope detector, uses a threshold based upon the signal
     average amplitude, and sets a flag whenever the head signal exceeds the
     threshold. Finally, a counter unit increments its count total each time
     the flag is set. The counting unit may employ timing control, meaning that
     it will only increment its total if the flag is set when a clock signal
     triggers the counter unit to test the flag to decide whether or not to
     increment."
"A three dimensional (3D) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) system (100)
     performs object-induced geometric distortion correction. The MRI system
     performs (202) a 3D MRI pulse sequence to acquire a first 3D MR image of
     an examination region containing at least a portion of a subject and
     performs (202) the 3D MRI pulse sequence a second time to acquire a second
     3D MR image of the examination region A computer system (110) computes
     (210) a voxel error map based on a phase difference between the first and
     second 3D MR images and corrects (212) voxel positions in one of the 3D MR
     images in accordance with the voxel error map."
"A magnetoresistive sensor system having resistive elements changing in
     ohmic value in the presence of a magnetic field of a current being
     measured. The variant values of the elements are amplified by some
     electronics that inherently add offset to the resultant values. The
     elements themselves also add an offset. The output of the electronics is
     modulated and then buffered as an output.
This output is demodulated integrated. The resultant signal is fed back to
     the input of the electronics to null out the offsets. The output of the
     buffer also goes to an inductive coil that is magnetically coupled to the
     resistive elements to null out the magnetic field from the current being
     measured. The buffer output indicates the magnitude of the current being
     measured. An oscillator outputs a signal to actuate the modulator and the
     demodulator. The oscillator signal also goes to a set/reset circuit for
     setting and resetting the resistive elements of the magnetoresistive
     sensor."
"A magnetic sensor utilizing a giant magnetoresistance (GMR) effect, wherein
     an insulation layer with a contact hole is formed on a lower terminal
     layer, a GMR layer is formed thereover on the region including the entire
     contact hole and at least the surrounding insulation layer, and an upper
     terminal layer is formed thereover. The sensor offers several advantages
     in that it is easy to manufacture and is compact, and has a high degree of
     resistance change."
"An implantable stimulator and monitor measures a group of heart failure
     parameters indicative of the state of heart failure employing EGM signals,
     measures of blood pressure including absolute pressure P, developed
     pressure (DP=systolic P-diastolic P), and/or dP/dt, and measures of heart
     chamber volume (V) over one or more cardiac cycles. These parameters
     include: (1) relaxation or contraction time constant tau (.tau.); (2)
     mechanical restitution (MR), i.e., the mechanical response of a heart
     chamber to premature stimuli applied to the heart chamber; (3)
     recirculation fraction (RF), i.e., the rate of decay of PESP effects over
     a series of heart cycles; and (4) end systolic elastance (E.sub.ES), i.e.,
     the ratios of end systolic blood pressure P to volume V. These heart
     failure parameters are determined periodically regardless of patient
     posture and activity level. However, certain of the parameters are only
     measured or certain of the data are only stored when the patient heart
     rate is regular and within a normal sinus range between programmed lower
     and upper heart rates. The parameter data is associated with a date and
     time stamp and with other patient data, e.g., patient activity level, and
     the associated parameter data is stored in IMD memory for retrieval at a
     later date employing conventional telemetry systems. Incremental changes
     in the parameter data over time, taking any associated time of day and
     patient data into account, provide a measure of the degree of change in
     the heart failure state of the heart."
"The invention described herein defines a system and a method for
     selectively controlling the sensitivity of a region of a magnetoresistive
     element to an incident magnetic field, by applying an external magnetic
     field to the magnetoresistive element. A number of applications to
     non-volatile data storage are described, as is a magnetic sweep element
     based on a FET structure. Finally, the storage media and recording modes
     (in-plane vs. perpendicular) best suited to the proposed applications are
     analyzed, and the desired or optimal characteristics of the proposed
     devices are discussed."
"A top spin valve sensor includes an iridium manganese (IrMn) pinning layer
     which has been formed by ion beam sputter deposition. The magnetoresistive
     coefficient of the spin valve sensor is increased by employing an iridium
     manganese oxide (IrMnO) seed layer between a free layer of the spin valve
     sensor and a first read gap layer of the read head. The free layer is
     preferably a nickel iron free film located between first and second cobalt
     iron (CoFe) free films."
"A magnetic head comprises: an induction type head for recording including a
     lower magnetic core, a writing gap film formed on the lower magnetic core,
     an upper magnetic core having a track portion and a portion spreading from
     the track portion, a plurality of insulating films laminated between the
     lower magnetic core and the upper magnetic core, and a coil formed between
     the plurality of insulating films. One of the plurality insulating films
     is an insulating film determining a zero throat level position. The track
     portion of the upper magnetic core is an air bearing surface. A
     magnetoresistance effect type head for reproducing includes a lower
     shielding film and a magnetoresistance effect sensor film is formed
     between the lower shielding film and the lower magnetic core. The position
     where the upper magnetic core spreads is located nearer to the air bearing
     surface than the tip end position arranged nearest to the air bearing
     surface among the tip end positions of the insulating films formed on the
     insulating film determining the zero throat level position. This can
     provide a magnetic head having good magnetic characteristics and improved
     accuracy in the width of a track on the air bearing surface."
"A magneto-resistive effect element includes a first ferromagnetic film; a
     second ferromagnetic film; and a first nonmagnetic film interposed between
     the first ferromagnetic film and the second ferromagnetic film. The first
     ferromagnetic film has a magnetization more easily rotatable than a
     magnetization of the second ferromagnetic film by an external magnetic
     field. The first ferromagnetic film has an effective magnetic thickness of
     about 2 nm or less."
"A magnetoresistive sensor including spin valve sensor layers, an air
     bearing surface perpendicular to a first edge region common to the spin
     valve sensor layers, and a non-planar surface perpendicular to a second
     edge region common to the spin valve sensor layers and opposite the air
     bearing surface. The invention also features a method for producing a
     magnetoresistive sensor. The method includes forming a plurality of spin
     valve sensor layers, wherein an air bearing surface including a plane
     perpendicular to a first edge region common to the spin valve sensor
     layers is formed. Furthermore, a non-planar surface including a plane
     perpendicular to a second edge region common to the spin valve sensor
     layers, and opposite the air bearing surface is formed."
"A giant magnetoresistive stack (10) for use in a magnetic read head
     includes a NiFeCr seed layer (12), a ferromagnetic free layer (14), a
     nonmagnetic spacer layer (16), a ferromagnetic pinned layer (18), and a
     PtMnX pinning layer (20), where X is either Cr or Pd. The ferromagnetic
     free layer (14) has a rotatable magnetic moment and is positioned adjacent
     to the NiFeCr seed layer (12). The ferromagnetic pinned layer (18) has a
     fixed magnetic moment and is positioned adjacent to the PtMnX pinning
     layer (20). The nonmagnetic spacer layer (16) is positioned between the
     free layer (14) and the pinned layer (18)."
"A monitor element includes electrode layers each having a front end region
     and a back end region extended from the front end region in the track
     width direction. Therefore, the width dimension of the front end region in
     the ABS can be set to a smaller value than conventional elements, and the
     height controlling process can be performed while appropriately measuring
     the DC resistance value of the monitor element. A magnetoresistive element
     also includes electrode layers having the same shape, thereby suppressing
     the occurrence of smearing in a thin film magnetic head, and permitting
     manufacture with high yield."
"A compound magnetoresistive effect head has a dedicated playback head
     formed by a magnetoresistive effect element disposed between magnetic
     shields, with a magnetic gap therebetween, and a dedicated recording head
     having a function of performing recording by a magnetic field generated in
     a gap provided between magnetic poles. An electrode film for the purpose
     of causing a current to flow in a ferromagnetic film and a
     magnetoresistive effect film for stabilizing magnetization of the
     magnetoresistive effect film is formed so as to be magnetically and
     electrically connected to both ends of the magnetoresistive effect film,
     and a flattening film is provided between the first and second magnetic
     separation films in the magnetoresistive effect element height direction
     of the playback head."
"A merged thin film read/write head having a read element having a first
     shield layer, a second shield layer and a magnetoresistive element
     disposed between the first and second shield layers, a thin spacer layer
     of nonmagnetic material formed upon the second shield layer and an
     inductive write element having a first pole pedestal formed upon the
     spacer layer and a second pole separated from the pedestal by a gap. The
     pedestal includes a tapered portion for reducing the formation of pinned
     magnetic domains in the pedestal and providing improved flux passage. In
     combination with the thin nonmagnetic spacer layer, the tapered feature of
     the pedestal eliminates popcorn noise in the read element."
"A disk which incorporates a variable-phase servo burst pattern is
     disclosed. The disk has servo information thereon. The servo information
     includes a first servo burst pattern written on a first track and a second
     servo burst pattern written on a second track. Both the first servo burst
     pattern and the second servo burst pattern have a plurality of transition
     pulses. The corresponding transition pulses of the first servo burst
     pattern and the second servo burst pattern are 180 degrees out of phase
     from one another. Furthermore, a method of writing servo-information which
     is used to position a magneto-resistive head on a centerline of a track is
     also disclosed. The method includes the steps of (1) writing a first servo
     burst pattern on a first track, the first servo burst pattern having a
     plurality of transition pulses; and (2) writing a second servo burst
     pattern on a second track, the second servo burst pattern having a
     plurality of transition pulses, wherein the corresponding transition
     pulses of the first servo burst pattern and the second servo burst pattern
     are 180 degrees out of phase from one another."
"An apparatus for supporting a patient support bridge member in an MR system
     where a first end of the bridge is supported by an upright support member
     on a first side of an MR imaging bore and the bridge extends through the
     bore so that a second end of the bridge extends out a second side of the
     bore, the apparatus including a bracket mounted to an MR main magnet on
     the second side of the bore and extending upwardly to contact and support
     the bridge there above."
"The invention relates to a method for evaluating signals while eliminating
     an interference signal on magnetoresistive sensor elements which is
     preferably proportional to the zero offset. The sensor elements can form a
     sensor element array such as a sensor bridge. According to the invention,
     the direction of magnetization of the sensor elements is modulated or
     shifted by applying a magnetic pulse field of a modulated or variable
     direction, and the output signals of the sensor elements or of the sensor
     element array are fed to a differential amplifier. Due to the modulation
     or shift of the operating voltage of the sensor bridge, the modulation or
     shift resulting at the same time as the magnetization of the sensor
     elements, a signal often arises which includes a direct component that is
     proportional to the magnetic field to be measured, and has an alternating
     component that is proportional to the offset voltage of the sensor element
     array. The latter is minimized by a feedback or is adjusted to zero. The
     bandwidth, with which the direct voltage that is proportional to the
     magnetic field to be measured can follow changes of the input signal, is
     greater in magnitude than the magnetization frequency of the sensor
     elements."
"A method for testing a composite type magnetic head having a MR element and
     an inductive element includes a current application step of applying a
     current to the inductive element, with applying no external magnetic field
     to the magnetic head, and a measurement step of measuring output
     characteristics of the MR element after the current application step is
     finished."
"An arrangement for measuring a relative linear position between a sensor
     and a magnetic body, whose position relative to each other can be changed
     linearly in a predefined direction. The sensor is arranged as a
     magnetoresistive angle sensor, with little building expenditure and little
     sensitivity to external influences, and a magnetic strip is provided as
     the magnetic body, which strip includes a pair of magnetic poles and
     magnetic field lines running over its length at varying angles, so that
     the angle of the magnetic field penetrating the magnetoresistive angle
     sensor depends on the relative position of the magnetoresistive angle
     sensor to the magnetic strip and the relative position can be computed
     from the output signal of the magnetoresistive angle sensor."
"An arrangement for detecting the angle of rotation of a rotatable element,
     in which, with evaluation of magnetically variable properties of a sensor
     arrangement, a first magnetic field, generated or varied by a rotatable
     element, is detectable in an evaluation circuit and usable for
     ascertaining the angle of rotation, wherein the sensor arrangement,
     utilizing the magnetoresistive effect, furnishes signals that can be
     associated unambiguously with one direction of the magnetic field
     B.sub.ext over a first angular range, in particular an angular range of
     360.degree., having means to for is selective application of a magnetic
     auxiliary field B.sub.H the sensor arrangement, by means of which signals
     a modification of the signals that can be associated with the direction of
     the first magnetic field B.sub.ext, attainable for the sake of unambiguous
     association of an angle over a second angular range, in particular
     360.degree.."
"An implantable cardiac stimulation device including an activity/position
     sensor that incorporates a magnetoresistive sensor and a magnet that are
     positioned so as to move relative to each other in response to activity
     and the body position of the patient when the device is implanted in the
     body of the patient. In one embodiment, the sensor includes a
     magnetoresistive sensor that is made from giant magnetoresistive (GMR)
     materials. Preferably, a magnet is positioned on a flexible cantilevered
     beam so as to be positioned adjacent the magnetoresistive sensor. Movement
     of the patient results in relative movement of the magnet with respect to
     the magnetoresistive sensor and generates a signal having an AC component
     corresponding to a patient's activity and a DC component corresponding to
     the patient's body position. The signal can be used by the implantable
     cardiac stimulation device's processor for adjusting the delivery of
     therapeutic electrical stimulation such as by adjusting the pacing rate of
     pacing pulses being delivered to the patient's heart."
"A longitudinally magnetically biased dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR)
     sensor element comprises a first patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer.
     There are contacts at the opposite ends of the patterned magnetoresistive
     (MR) layer with a first pair of stacks defining a track width of the first
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer with a first pair of stacks defining a track
     width of the first magnetoresistive (MR) layer, each of the stacks
     including a first Anti-Ferro-Magnetic (AFM) layer and a first lead layer.
     With the first MR layer in place the device was annealed in the presence
     of a longitudinal external magnetic field. A second patterned
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer was formed above the previous structure. There
     are contacts at the opposite ends of the second patterned magnetoresistive
     (MR) layer with a second pair of stacks defining a second track width of
     the second patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer. Each of the second pair
     of stacks includes spacer layer is composed of a metal, a Ferro-Magnetic
     (FM) layer, a second Anti-Ferro-Magnetic (AFM) layer and a second lead
     layer. With the second MR layer in place, the device was annealed in the
     presence of a second longitudinal external magnetic field."
"An apparatus is described having a portion of a magnetoresistive structure
     wherein the portion of the magnetoresistive structure includes an oxide
     seed layer formed upon a substrate; and, a free layer formed upon the
     oxide seed layer. The free layer comprises a magnetic barrier layer formed
     over the oxide seed layer. The free layer comprises a magnetic layer
     formed over the magnetic barrier layer. The magnetic barrier layer has a
     thickness that prevents reaction between the magnetic layer and the oxide
     seed layer."
"In a spin valve type magnetoresistance effect film, an
     antiferromagnetization promote layer is formed on a surface of an
     antiferromagnetic layer remote from a surface thereof abutting a
     ferromagnetic layer. The antiferromagnetic layer is made of a compound
     containing Mn and having a CuAu--I type regular crystal structure. The
     antiferromagnetic layer has a characteristic requiring a heat treatment
     for generating the exchange coupling relative to the ferromagnetic layer.
     The antiferromagnetic layer after the heat treatment is oriented on the
     (111) crystal orientation surface. The ratio Lp/La of a lattice constant
     Lp in the closest packed surface of the antiferromagnetization promote
     layer relative to a lattice constant La in the (111) crystal orientation
     surface of the antiferromagnetic layer is in the range of 0.9 to 1.1.
     Accordingly, the regulating temperature of the antiferromagnetic layer can
     be lowered so that the exchange coupling to the ferromagnetic layer can be
     generated at a heat treatment temperature as low as possible (for example,
     no higher than 250.degree. C.). The thus obtained spin valve film is
     subjected to only quite small deterioration of spin valve film
     characteristics (for example, MR ratio)."
"A compound thin film magnetic head in which the upper shield of the readout
     MR head also serves as the lower magnetic film of the write inductive
     head. The upper shield has a layered structure including a shield part of
     soft magnetic material functioning as a shield to magnetically shield the
     MR head, a lower pole part and transition part of soft magnetic material
     functioning as a write magnetic pole opposing the upper pole of the
     inductive head, and a nonmagnetic separation layer to magnetically
     separate these. Between the lower pole part and the transition part, an
     additional nonmagnetic separation layer can be provided. The shield part
     can be configured from multiple magnetic films formed in layers and
     enclosing a nonmagnetic separation layer."
"A rotary magnetic head unit has a non-contact type transmission device
     capable of reliably performing non-contact transmission both in signal and
     power supply systems and designed so as to be smaller in size. The
     non-contact type transmission device is formed of a rotating member and a
     fixed member each having a power supply wiring section for transmitting a
     power supply, a signal wiring section for transmitting a signal, and a
     crosstalk prevention section positioned between the power supply wiring
     section and the signal wiring section to prevent crosstalk between these
     sections. If a reproducing head formed of a magnetoresistive element is
     used by being supplied with a bias current from the power supply
     transmitted by the power supply wiring sections of the rotary and fixed
     members, the rotary magnetic head unit uses bias current control means
     section to change the bias current supplied to the reproducing head
     according to the amount of wear of the recording head during reproduction
     from signals from magnetic tapes."
"An arrangement for reading data from a magnetic data carrier using a
     magneto-resistive (MR) head. A bias current source supplies the MR head
     with a bias current adjustable after MR head change. A bias current
     control signal having multiple control bits is used for adjusting the bias
     current. A noise shunting capacitor is connected to the MR head for
     reducing noise caused by the bias current. A discharging circuit is
     coupled to the noise shunting capacitor to discharge the capacitor when
     the bias current is being adjusted, in order to reduce bias current
     settling time. The discharging circuit comprises a pair of switches for
     each control bit of the bias current control signal. One of the switches
     is connected to a positive plate of the noise shunting capacitor, and
     another switch is coupled to a negative plate of the capacitor. The
     switches are controlled by a one-shot multivibrator triggered by a falling
     edge of the corresponding control bit. Weighting resistors are connected
     to each switch for weighting a discharge current produced by the switch in
     accordance with a position of the corresponding control bit so as to
     produce a larger discharge current in response to a higher-order control
     bit of the bias current control signal."
"A pinning layer structure is provided for a spin valve sensor of a read
     head which has a reactively deposited nickel oxide first film which
     underlies a reactively sputter deposited second film of iron oxide
     (Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3) or (Fe.sub.3 O.sub.4). In the preferred embodiment the
     pinning layer is composed of cobalt (Co) or cobalt iron (CoFe) which is
     exchange coupled to the iron oxide (Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3) or (Fe.sub.3
     O.sub.4) second film of the pinning layer. This structure results in an
     improved magnetoresistive coefficient (dr/R) which is substantially
     maintained after annealing so that the magnetic head has good thermal
     stability when subjected to high temperatures in the presence of a field
     that is antiparallel to the pinned orientation of the magnetic moment of
     the pinned layer."
"A magnetorheological (MR) device (20) including settling stability. The MR
     fluid device (20) includes a housing (22) including a hollow (30), a
     moving element (26) contained within the hollow (30), the housing (26) and
     moving element (26) cooperating to form a working section (36) and a
     chamber (32) within the hollow (30), a MR fluid (38) contained within the
     working section (36) and the chamber (32), a coil (40) or the like for
     generating a magnetic field to act upon the MR fluid (38) contained within
     the working section (36) to cause a rheology change therein, and a magnet
     (25) or electromagnet (31) generating a low-level magnetic field to act
     upon a substantial portion of the MR fluid (38) contained in the chamber
     (32) to minimize settling of the particles in the MR fluid. Linear and
     rotary acting embodiments are included."
"An electronic compass is described for use in vehicles. The compass employs
     a magnetoresistive sensor for sensing the earth magnetic field and the
     sensor is operated in alternate set/reset bias modes. In a first
     embodiment, the compass is provided with deviation compensation by a
     closed loop system including measurement of the sensor output signals and
     an offset current strap for nullifying the vehicle deviation field. In a
     second embodiment, deviation compensation is provided by operation in an
     initial calibration mode and by operation in a normal compensation mode to
     adjust compensation, as needed, on a long term basis during normal
     operation of the compass. In the initial calibration mode, while the
     vehicle is being driven, the signal peak values are adjusted to a nominal
     earth field level by changing the offset current. Then, compensating
     signal reference values for each axis are determined as each peak for that
     axis is determined. The system automatically exits the initial calibration
     mode when certain criteria have been met. In the normal compensation mode,
     the signal reference value for each axis is adjusted at least once during
     the time interval between turn-on and turn-off of the vehicle ignition
     switch."
"A method for protecting magnetic read/write head assembly against
     electrostatic discharge during disk drive manufacturing are disclosed. The
     magnetic head assembly is supported on a substrate having a
     magnetoresistive sensor element disposed in spaced relationship between
     several magnetic shield elements. Before a focused ion beam fabrication
     operation, at least a portion of an air bearing surface of the magnetic
     head assembly is coated with a thin and transparent layer of conductive
     material. This layer of conductive material is subsequent removed after
     the focused ion beam fabrication operation."
"An image processing method includes the acquisition of a succession of
     low-resolution images. A succession of mask images is derived from the
     low-resolution images. Furthermore, a high-resolution image is acquired.
     The mask images are applied to the high-resolution image as bandpass
     filters in order to form a filtered high-resolution image. The filtered
     high-resolution image represents image information relating to a
     particular phase of a dynamic process, such as the passage of blood
     through the vascular system of a patient. The image processing method is
     used, for example in MR angiography or in X-ray angiography. An MRI system
     or an X-ray examination apparatus is provided with an image processor for
     carrying out the image processing method according to the invention."
"An MR sensor, a thin-film magnetic head and a thin-film wafer with a
     plurality of the thin-film magnetic heads having a MR multi-layered
     structure including a non-magnetic material layer, first and second
     ferromagnetic material layers (free and pinned layers) separated by the
     non-magnetic material layer, and an anti-ferromagnetic material layer
     formed adjacent to and in physical contact with one surface of the pinned
     layer, the one surface being on an opposite side of the pinned layer from
     the non-magnetic material layer, the multi-layered structure having ends
     in a direction parallel to a magnetically sensitive surface or an ABS, and
     longitudinal bias layers formed at both the ends of the MR multi-layered
     structure, for providing a longitudinal magnetic bias to the MR
     multi-layered structure. The MR multi-layered structure is shaped such
     that a magnetization direction of the pinned layer is inclined at an angle
     from an axis of easy magnetization of the pinned layer."
"A magnetic field sensing element comprises an underlayer formed on a
     substrate, a giant magnetoresistance element formed on the underlayer for
     detecting a change in a magnetic field, and an integrated circuit formed
     on the substrate for carrying out predetermined arithmetic processing
     based on a change in a magnetic field detected by the giant
     magnetoresistance element, wherein the giant magnetoresistance element and
     the integrated circuit are formed on the same surface."
"The invention relates to an MRAM memory cell including a magnetoresistive
     resistor and a switching transistor. The magnetoresistive resistor is
     located between a central metallization plane and an upper metallization
     plane. The central metallization plane serves for the word line stitch and
     also for writing. A word line BOOST circuit is provided in the stitch
     region of each cell, with the result that the critical voltage is not
     reached in the magnetoresistive resistor and the switching transistor can
     nevertheless be turned on."
"A tunnel junction MR head can be easily manufactured and arranged as
     follow. A first tunnel junction is formed by a magnetization free layer, a
     first magnetization pinned layer and a thin insulated layer formed between
     the both layers. A second tunnel junction is formed by the magnetization
     free layer, a second magnetization pinned layer and an insulated layer.
     The first and second tunnel junctions are connected to both ends of the
     magnetization free layer through the magnetization free layer. A detection
     current flowing from a first electrode connected to the first tunnel
     junction is passed to a second electrode through the first tunnel
     junction, the magnetization free layer and the second tunnel junction."
"A magnetoresistive read sensor fabricated on a substrate includes a
     ferromagnetic layer that is exchange coupled with an antiferromagnetic
     layer made of a defined composition of iridium manganese. A tantalum layer
     is used so that the exchange field and coercivity do not change with
     variations in annealing temperature. The antiferromagnetic layer is formed
     with a material composition of Ir.sub.x Mn.sub.100-x, wherein x is in the
     range of 15&lt;x&gt;23. In an embodiment of a spin valve structure, the
     tantalum layer is disposed over the substrate and the antiferromagnetic
     layer is in direct contact with a pinned ferromagnetic layer. In another
     embodiment, the IrMn layer is formed over a soft active layer. In a third
     embodiment using exchange pinning, spaced IrMn regions are formed over the
     active magnetoresistive layer to define the sensor track width."
"A spin-valve magnetoresistive element includes a plurality of layers. The
     magnetic moment of a first pinned magnetic layer is greater than the
     magnetic moment of a second pinned magnetic layer, and the magnetic moment
     of the first pinned magnetic layer faces in the left direction in the
     drawing. Accordingly, the synthesized magnetic moment of the first pinned
     magnetic layer and the second pinned magnetic layer faces in the left
     direction in the drawing. Thus, causing a sensing current to flow in a
     first direction so as to generate a sensing galvanomagnetic field circling
     in the right-hand direction causes the direction of the sensing
     galvanomagnetic field and the direction of the synthesized magnetic moment
     to match, thereby facilitating improvement in the stability of the
     magnetization state of the first and second pinned magnetic layers."
"A method and system for protecting a suspension assembly, such as a
     flex-on-suspension or trace suspension assembly, is disclosed. The
     suspension assembly is for use with a magnetoresistive (MR) head including
     an MR sensor. The MR sensor has a first end and a second end. The method
     and system include providing a first lead coupled with the first end of
     the MR sensor and providing a second lead coupled with the second end of
     the MR sensor. The method and system further include providing an
     insulating film supporting a first portion of the first lead and a second
     portion of the second lead. The method and system also include providing a
     resistor coupled with the first lead, the resistor being sufficiently
     large to damp a transient current in the MR sensor."
"A variable width flat tape head for bi-directional contact recording and
     method for making the same has significant advantages over both
     traditional contoured tape heads and single width flat heads for contact
     recording applications. The variable width head and process disclosed
     herein allows for greater ease of manufacturing, efficient layout of the
     devices on thin film wafers and provides a significant cost reduction in
     the production of the head compared to traditionally contoured tape heads.
     In addition, the present invention reduces unnecessary surface area where
     the tape contacts the head, thus reducing tape wear and damage that is
     present in single width flat heads (where the tape is in contact uniformly
     across the tape width), thereby providing a concomitant improvement in
     tape wear and life. In addition, the head of the present invention is
     simpler and less costly to manufacture than comparable devices with
     distinct advantages to the magnetoresistive (""MR"") read element stripe
     height control process, device alignment and assembly processes,
     particularly with respect to traditionally contoured tape heads, which
     require more complex and expensive manufacturing operations to form the
     tape head profile."
"An electrically supported power steering system for motor vehicles includes
     an input shaft, which is mechanically linked to a steering wheel for
     transmitting a steering torque required for steering of wheels to be
     steered. An output element is mechanically linked to the wheels to be
     steered. An electric motor, through which a servo force can be applied
     directly or indirectly to the output element, is arranged on the power
     steering system. The input shaft and the output element are connected to
     one another via a torsion bar. A detection unit for detection of a torque
     acting on the input shaft and of other steering-specific parameters
     includes a single pulse generator designed as a magnet ring and at least
     one magnetoresistive sensor."
"A magneto-resistive random access memory (MRAM) includes a bias source, a
     first magneto-resistor and an address decoder. The bias source includes a
     current mirror for mirroring current, and a bandgap circuit connected to
     the current mirror for providing a fixed voltage across a second
     magneto-resistor. The first magneto-resistor has an array of
     magneto-resistors electrically connected to the bias source for storing
     bit information. The address decoder is electrically connected to the
     first magneto-resistor for selecting the array of magneto-resistors so as
     to access the bit information. The current mirror mirrors current onto the
     first magneto-resistor to generate a sensing current through the first
     magneto-resistor so that the voltage across the second magneto-resistor is
     proportional to a voltage across the first magneto-resistor."
"The present invention provides an improved bias magnet-to-magnetoresistive
     element interface and method of fabrication. In a preferred embodiment,
     the wall/walls of an MR element opposing a bias layer are formed by over
     etching to provide vertical side walls without taper. In the preferred
     embodiment, a protective element is formed over the MR element to protect
     it during etch processes. In some embodiments, a filler layer is deposited
     prior to bias layer formation. In CIP embodiments, any portion of the
     filler layer forming on vertical side walls of the MR element is etched to
     provide an exposed side wall surface for contiguous bias layer formation.
     In CPP embodiments, the filler layer forms on a vertical back wall and
     electrically insulates the MR element from the bias layer. In CIP and CPP
     embodiments, tapered portions of the bias material, which form overhanging
     the MR element, are removed by directional etching to improve the
     direction and stability of the induced longitudinal field within the MR
     element. In some CIP embodiments, tapered overhang removal allows for
     formation of improved lead structures, which may be deposited on the MR
     element closer to the side walls, and which are not pinched off by the
     overhang of an underlying bias layer, thus improving current density
     profile and definition of the actual effective track width of the device."
"A method and system for providing a current-sensing preamplifier for use
     with a magnetoresistive sensor is disclosed. The method includes providing
     at least one input device coupled with the magnetoresistive sensor,
     providing a gain stage, and providing a feedback circuit. In a system
     aspect, the current-sensing preamplifier includes at least one input
     device. The at least one input device is coupled with the magnetoresistive
     sensor through an interconnect having a characteristic impedance. The at
     least one input device provides an input impedance for the current-sensing
     preamplifier. The current-sensing preamplifier also includes a gain stage
     coupled with the at least one input device and a feedback circuit coupled
     with the gain stage and the at least one input device. The feedback
     circuit provides at least one signal to the at least one input device. The
     at least one signal controls the input impedance based on at least one
     error signal."
"This invention relates to skin-based localizer markers that can be placed
     on the external anatomy of a patient during CT, MRI, or other scanning
     methods for producing identifiable index marks in stereotactic
     localization. In a preferred embodiment, the markers are of an annular or
     axially symmetric geometry, with provision for radiopaque and therefore
     CT-visible elements and also MRI-visible medium within the marker. The
     annular shape enables accurate identification of the centroid of the
     marker in the CT, MRI, or other tomographic image. Because the markers are
     visible in multi-modal imaging, such as CT and MR, registration of these
     images or stereotactic indexing can be done from one or both imaging
     types. In another embodiment, the marker has an index or concave central
     portion which enables a stereotactic digitized pointer to be placed stably
     within the indentation during calibration or marker identification in a
     surgical context. One application of the markers would be for
     cranial-based, frameless stereotaxy, where a stereotactic digitizing
     pointer can be used to pick off the positions of the markers in physical
     space so as to relate the physical space to two-dimensional or
     three-dimensional imaging data taken from CT or MR scanning."
"In a thin-film magnetic head manufacturing method and apparatus, lapping is
     continued until the MR height of a magnetoresistive sensor falls into a
     finish tolerance range and the lapping time from the beginning of lapping
     exceeds a predetermined time, thereby substantially reducing the recession
     between an ABS of a slider bar and a surface of a thin-film magnetic
     element opposing a recording medium."
"A method of burnishing an asperity on a magnetic surface of an operational
     disk drive. The disk drive includes a slider maintaining an MR element.
     Rotation of the disk relative to the slider forms an air bearing between
     the slider and the disk surface, generating a fly height of the slider
     relative to the disk surface. With this in mind, the method includes
     identifying the presence of the asperity. The disk speed is increased from
     a normal operational rate to a first burnishing rate. Further, an internal
     pressure of the disk drive is reduced from a normal operational pressure
     to a first burnishing pressure. A first burnishing fly height is thusly
     established at the first burnishing rate and the first burnishing
     pressure. In this regard, the first burnishing fly height is less than a
     fly height otherwise found with the disk drive operating at the first
     burnishing rate and the normal operational pressure. The slider is then
     positioned over the asperity. Finally, the asperity is contacted by the
     slider upon continued rotation of the disk and the first burnishing fly
     height. Contact between the slider and the asperity at the first
     burnishing fly height burnishes the asperity. In one preferred embodiment,
     the method further includes determining whether the asperity remains after
     operating the disk drive at the first burnishing rate and the first
     burnishing pressure for a certain time period. If the asperity has not
     been sufficiently reduced, the disk speed is increased to a second
     burnishing rate and the internal pressure is reduced to a second
     burnishing pressure resulting in a second burnishing fly height. Once
     again, the second burnishing fly height is less than a fly height that
     would otherwise be found with the disk drive operating at the second
     burnishing rate and normal operational pressure. With resulting contact
     between the slider and the asperity at the second burnishing rate, the
     asperity is further burnished."
"A probe instrument using room-temperature sensor(s) that can measure
     magnetic susceptibilities variations. The instrument includes room
     temperature magnetic sensors, and detects the sample, that is the tissue
     response to an applied field coil. The sensors that can be used include
     magnetoresistive, fluxgate and magnetoinductive sensors. The applied field
     coil dimensions are chosen so that the applied field is optimized for
     maximum response from the item of interest while minimizing the effects
     due to the overlying tissue and at the same time not unduly increasing the
     sensitivity of the instrument to adjacent organs. To minimize noise
     introduced in the sensor due to fluctuations in the applied field, the
     applied field is canceled at the position of the sensor. To overcome
     variations in the sensor output due to fluctuations in the applied field,
     change in the ambient temperature and mechanical relaxation of the
     instrument, the detector assembly is oscillated while the examined patient
     remains stationary."
"A magnetoresistive memory fabricated on a common substrate. The memory
     including first and second spaced apart magnetoresistive memory arrays
     each including a plurality of MTJ memory cells arranged in rows and
     columns and a plurality of word/digit lines associated with the rows of
     magnetoresistive memory cells of each of the arrays. Switching circuitry
     is positioned on the substrate between the first and second arrays and
     designed to select a word/digit line in one of the first and second
     arrays. A current source is positioned on the substrate adjacent and
     coupled to the switching circuitry for supplying programming current to
     the selected word/digit line."
"The present application provides a magneto-resistive element excellent in
     symmetry of playback waveforms. The basic construction of the present
     application is as follows. That is, a magnetic layer 13, an insulating
     layer 14, and a magnetic layer 15 are laminated; a power supply 18 for
     applying a voltage between two magnetic layers is provided; an
     anti-ferromagnetic layer 16 is laminated on the magnetic layer 15,
     direction of which magnetization is substantially parallel or
     counter-parallel with a detecting direction of an external magnetic field,
     and when the external magnetic field is not present, a power supply 17 for
     causing a current to flow in a non-magnetic metal layer 12 and in an inner
     direction of a layer surface thereof is provided so that a direction of
     magnetization of the magnetic layer 13 is substantially at right angles to
     the detecting direction of the external magnetic field; and there is
     provided a signal detector 19 for detecting a change of current tunneling
     through an insulating layer when the direction of magnetization of the
     magnetic layer 13 is changed by the external magnetic field."
"In at least one embodiment, the method of the present invention is embodied
     in a method for fabricating a magnetoresistive head structure which
     includes obtaining a lead and magnetic bias layer, applying a photoresist
     layer over the lead and magnetic bias layer and about a desired position
     of a sensor such that the desired position of the sensor is substantially
     free of the photoresist layer, etching the lead and magnetic bias material
     substantially at the desired position of the sensor, depositing a sensor
     at the desired position of the sensor; and removing the photoresist.
     Obtaining the lead and magnetic bias layers can be done by depositing
     them. In at least one embodiment, the apparatus of the invention is
     embodied in a magnetoresistive head structure having a sensor with sides,
     a lead layer with a portion positioned on either side of the sensor in
     contact with the sensor so that a sensing current can flow between the
     portions and through the sensor, and a magnetic bias layer positioned over
     the lead layer and on either side of the sensor. The magnetic bias layer
     can be a hard bias or an exchange layer. The sensor preferably is either
     an anisotopic magnetoresistive element or a spin valve element less than
     0.6 .mu.m wide."
"A magnetoresistive write element having a planar coil layer between a first
     pole and a second pole. The magnetoresistive write element further
     includes a buildup insulation layer having an upper surface that is
     substantially coplanar with an upper surface of the first pole. Further,
     the planar coil layer is disposed above both the first pole and the
     buildup insulation layer. A method for forming a magnetoresistive write
     element includes providing a first pole and covering the first pole with
     an insulating layer. The insulating layer is then planarized, thereby
     exposing the first pole and defining a buildup insulation layer. This
     planarization also results in the formation of a substantially planar
     upper surface of the buildup insulation layer and a substantially planar
     upper surface of the first pole. More specifically, the first pole upper
     surface is substantially coplanar with the buildup insulation layer upper
     surface. The method also includes forming a write gap material layer above
     the insulation layer and first pole, and forming a substantially planar
     coil layer above said write gap material layer. In addition, a second pole
     is formed above the write gap material layer, with the coil layer thereby
     disposed between the first pole and the second pole."
"A method and apparatus for measuring absolute clearance between a
     magnetoresistive (MR) transducer and a moving medium utilizes a transduced
     signal that varies as a function of transducer-medium clearance. The
     medium may be devoid of, or include, magnetic information. The velocity of
     the medium is reduced relative to the MR transducer, and a rate of change
     of the signal is monitored. Using data associated with the rate of change
     of the signal during spindown, absolute clearance between the MR
     transducer and the medium is computed for a nominal medium-transducer
     velocity, such as a full operational velocity. Computing absolute
     transducer-medium clearance involves determining a transition velocity at
     which the rate of change of the signal exceeds a pre-established
     threshold. Computing absolute clearance may further involve associating
     the transition velocity with an absolute clearance value obtained using a
     clearance profile associated with the MR transducer. The clearance profile
     may be representative of a relationship between landing or take-off
     velocity of the MR transducer and associated transducer-medium clearance.
     The transition velocity is used to compute the absolute clearance between
     the MR transducer and the medium for a nominal medium-transducer velocity."
"A method and apparatus for generating low-noise current for a disc-drive
     head, and in one embodiment, for a magneto-resistive head. In one
     embodiment, an automatic-adjustment circuit selectively disables selected
     pairs of current-mirror transistors to achieve a desired minimum effective
     width-to-length ratio of a field-effect transistor current mirror, in
     order to reduce device noise. In one embodiment, the current mirror
     provides a constant current to a magneto-resistive head in a magnetic disc
     drive."
"A motor comprises a rotor having an index signal generating portion on a
     rotor magnet and a magnetic resistance sensor having a magneto-sensitive
     surface. The sensor is positioned on a stator of the motor facing the
     index signal generating portion of the rotor with a predetermined gap. The
     sensor functions to sense an index signal in the magnetic field generated
     by the index signal generating portion during the rotation of the rotor. A
     speed detection circuit is included for detecting the speed of the motor
     based on the detection results of the magnetic resistance sensor. The
     index generating portion forms a magnetic area in which a magnetic flux
     intensity in a plane orthogonal to the principal magnetic flux of the
     index signal generating portion is greater than the rated sensitivity of
     the magnetic resistance sensor. The magnetic resistance sensor is
     positioned on the magnetized area such that its magneto-sensitive surface
     is parallel to the plane. The magnetic resistance sensor has an output
     which is in a saturated state."
"A magnetic memory device, preferably a magnetic random access memory (MRAM)
     and method for forming same are described wherein a bit region sensitive
     to magnetic fields and preferably comprising a tunneling magnetoresistance
     (TMR) structure is located between a top electrode with a magnetic keeper
     and a bottom electrode with a magnetic keeper. The top electrode is
     preferably made of copper using a damascene process. The magnetic keeper
     of the top electrode includes at least a magnetic material layer (e.g.,
     Co--Fe) but in the illustrated embodiments also includes one or more
     barrier layer (e.g., Ta). Various embodiments describe structures wherein
     the magnetic keeper stack is in contact with one, two or three surfaces of
     the top electrode, which face outward from the device."
"A top surface imaging technique for top pole tip width control in a
     magnetoresistive (""MR"") or giant magnetoresistive (""GMR"") read/write head
     is disclosed in which a multi-layer structure is employed to define the
     thick photoresist during processing resulting in much improved dimensional
     control. To this end, a relatively thin upper photoresist layer is
     patterned with much improved resolution, an intermediate metal or ceramic
     layer is then defined utilizing the upper photoresist layer as a reactive
     ion etching (""RIE"") mask, with the intermediate layer then being used as
     an etching mask to define the bottom-most thick photoresist layer in a
     second RIE process. As a consequence, a much improved sub-micron pole tip
     width along with a high aspect ratio and vertical profile is provided
     together with much improved critical dimension control."
"The present invention is directed to an MR element and a thin film magnetic
     head that do not cause an increase in the electrical resistance value due
     to the presence of dead zones. When forming passive areas that include
     magnetic domain control films and conductive films at the two sides of a
     central active area through a vacuum film formation method, the magnetic
     domain control films are formed under film forming conditions that are
     different from the film forming conditions under which the conductive
     films are formed to ensure that the degree to which the conductive films
     overlap the central active area is set larger than the degree to which the
     magnetic domain control films overlap the central active area."
"Methods and structures are disclosed which avoid electrostatic charge build
     up and subsequent electrostatic discharge (ESD) during the wafer
     fabrication process of magnetoresistive (MR) or giant magnetoresistive
     (GMR) read/write heads of magnetic disk drives. This is achieved by
     designing the wafer layout and process so that the MR/GMR sensor film is
     shorted to the magnetic shields of the head through shorting paths so that
     there is an equal potential between MR/GMR sensor film and magnetic
     shields during the entire fabrication process."
"An object of the invention is to improve the thermal conductivity and the
     hardness of a first shield gap film and a second shield gap film. Another
     object is to improve the thermal conductivity while decreasing the stress.
     The first shield gap film and the second shield gap film are formed of an
     insulating film which includes at least one of BN, SiN or CN as the main
     component, a little Ar and oxygen. Higher thermal conductivity can be
     obtained by using the insulating film which includes at least one of BN,
     SiN, or CN so that the heat generated in an MR element can be effectively
     dissipated. In addition, including Ar improves the hardness so that
     excessive polishing can be suppressed at the time of forming the air
     bearing surface. Moreover, including oxygen decreases the stress and
     exfoliation of the first and the second shield gap films can be avoided."
"A method for setting a read bias current required for reading data written
     to a hard disk at an optimal bias current using a magneto-resistive (MR)
     head. The method for setting a read bias current includes the steps of:
     writing data to the hard disk in a predetermined frequency; reading data
     from the disk while varying a bias current value applied to the MR head;
     analyzing frequency characteristics of the read data; and selecting the
     bias current at which the read data has the best frequency
     characteristics, as the bias current of the MR head. In the method, the
     optimal read bias current is set within a short time through a fast
     Fourier transform (FFT), thereby reducing the processing time."
"A magnetic memory device, preferably a magnetic random access memory (MRAM)
     and method for forming same are described wherein a bit region sensitive
     to magnetic fields and preferably comprising a tunneling magnetoresistance
     (TMR) structure is located between a top electrode with a magnetic keeper
     and a bottom electrode with a magnetic keeper. The top electrode is
     preferably made of copper using a damascene process. The magnetic keeper
     of the top electrode includes at least a magnetic laterial layer (e.g.,
     Co--Fe) but in the illustrated embodiments also includes one or more
     barrier layer (e.g., Ta). Various embodiments describe structures wherein
     the magnetic keeper stack is in contact with one, two or three surfaces of
     the top electrode, which face outward from the device."
"An implantable cardiac device including an activity sensor that
     incorporates a magnetoresistive sensor and a magnet that are positioned so
     as to move relative to each other in response to activity of the patient
     when the device is implanted in the body of the patient. In one
     embodiment, the sensor includes a magnetoresistive sensor that is made
     from giant magnetoresistive (GMR) materials. In another embodiment, a
     magnet is positioned on a flexible cantilevered beam so as to be
     positioned adjacent the magnetoresistive sensor. Movement of the patient
     results in relative movement of the magnet with respect to the
     magnetoresistive sensor. The signal can be used by the implantable cardiac
     device's processor for adjusting the delivery of therapeutic electrical
     stimulation such as by adjusting the pacing rate of pacing pulses being
     delivered to the patient's heart."
"A spin tunnel junction magnetoresistive head in accordance with the
     invention includes a pinned ferromagnetic layer, a free ferromagnetic
     layer and a spin tunnel barrier material positioned relative to the pinned
     and free ferromagnetic layers such that current flowing through the free
     ferromagnetic layer is in the plane of the free ferromagnetic layer. The
     spin tunnel barrier material forms first and second edge junctions. Using
     the edge junctions, the free ferromagnetic material, the pinned
     ferromagnetic and the edge junctions can all be formed at least partially
     in plane with each other, reducing shield-to-shield spacing for the head."
"A trilayer seed layer structure is employed between a first read gap layer
     and a spin valve sensor for improving the magnetic and giant
     magnetoresistive properties and the thermal stability. In the spin valve
     sensor, the trilayer seed layer structure is located between a first read
     gap layer and a ferromagnetic free layer. The antiferromagnetic pinning
     layer is preferably nickel manganese (Ni--Mn). The trilayer seed layer
     structure includes a first seed layer that is a first metallic oxide, a
     second seed layer that is a second metallic oxide and a third seed layer
     that is a nonmagnetic metal. A preferred embodiment is a first seed layer
     of nickel oxide (NiO), a second seed layer of nickel manganese oxide
     (NiMnO.sub.x), and a third seed layer of copper (Cu)."
"A rotary drum device and a helical scan magnetic recording/reproducing
     apparatus employing an MR head as a playback magnetic head. The rotary
     drum device and the helical scan magnetic recording/reproducing apparatus
     each include a cylindrically-shaped rotary drum, an inductive magnetic
     head loaded on the rotary drum so that its portion is protruded from the
     outer periphery of the rotary drum and a magneto-resistive effect magnetic
     head loaded on the rotary drum so that its portion is protruded from the
     outer periphery of the rotary drum. An amount of protrusion from the outer
     periphery of the rotary drum of the magneto-resistive effect magnetic head
     is smaller than an amount of protrusion from the outer periphery of the
     rotary drum of the inductive magnetic head."
"A magnetic signal reproducing method and apparatus of the helical scan
     system employing an MR head. The apparatus includes a substantially
     cylindrically-shaped rotary drum, an inductive magnetic head loaded on the
     rotary drum, a magneto-resistive effect magnetic head having an amount of
     protrusion from the rotary drum smaller than that of the inductive
     magnetic head, a tape sort detection unit, and a tape tension control
     unit. If information signals are reproduced by the inductive magnetic
     head, the tape tension of the magnetic tape is decreased by the tape
     tension control unit and, if information signals are reproduced by the
     magneto-resistive effect magnetic head, the tape tension of the magnetic
     tape is increased by the tape tension control unit."
"There is disclosed an apparatus for locating a defect on an MR head without
     destroying it, if such a defect is present. The MR head has a head
     element, write electrode terminals, read electrode terminals, and a head
     electrode connected with the head element. The apparatus has a power
     supply and an OBIC amplifier. The power supply is connected with one of
     the three electrodes. The OBIC amplifier is connected with another
     electrode. The apparatus further includes a laser that emits a laser beam
     to a region containing the head element. A reflection image based on the
     reflected beam from the illuminated region and an internal photoelectric
     effect image based on a signal produced by electrical carriers induced by
     the internal photoelectric effect are displayed in a superimposed manner
     on a color CRT. This permits an operator to know where a defect is present
     on the MR head, if such a defect is present."
"A casing joint locator device and methods of use are described. The locator
     device includes a giant magnetoresistive (GMR) sensor that is capable of
     detecting joints between sections of casing in a wellbore. The methods and
     devices described detect perturbations in the earth's magnetic field
     caused by air gaps and discontinuities associated with a casing joint or
     with an external casing joint collar. As a result, they are capable of
     detecting flush and standard collared joints. The casing joint locator
     generates essentially no magnetic or electromagnetic field so that other
     downhole instrumentation is not affected by its presence."
"A linear position sensing system is disclosed. The system mounts a pair of
     magnets on an object which traverses a linear path. The position of the
     object is determined by a sensor unit which has a magnetic field
     transducer. The magnetic field transducer detects the field angle from the
     magnetic field generated between the magnets. The magnetic field
     transducer is preferably a Wheatstone bridge arrangement with
     magneto-resistive elements. The output signal of the transducer is a
     sinusoidal shape representing the angle of the magnetic fields generated
     by the magnets to the transducer. The transducer signal is sent to a
     signal processor. The signal processor calculates the position of the
     magnets and thus the object by determining the arctangent value of the
     sinusoidal signals. The magnets also are placed at a predetermined angle
     to one another in order to optimize the linear response of the sensor."
"This invention relates to a three-dimensional digitizer and a probe means
     associated with said digitizer that enables a virtual target point to be
     visualized and depth and range measurements to that target to be
     determined. In one embodiment, a mechanical articulated arm or other type
     of 3-D digitizer is used in conjunction with a graphics workstation which
     displays images from CT, MR, or other scanning means of the anatomy. By
     registration of the digitizer to the patient's physical anatomy, a
     representation of the digitizer on the display means of the graphics
     workstation is possible. The position of the digitizer will be displayed
     in its quantitative relationship to the patient's anatomy, including
     internal pathologies such as tumors. The end means of the 3-D digitizer
     could be a holder or fixation device which can accept a sliding probe. The
     probe, for example, could be a shaft which slides in a spring-loaded or
     non-spring-loaded fashion within the fixation means of the digitizer. The
     degree of extension of the probe from the fixation means can be read out
     by a scale, which might be engraved on the shaft of the sliding probe. The
     digitizer, when calibrated to the anatomy, would register a target point
     and also a direction of the probe as it would approach that point, as seen
     on the graphics workstation. There may be a pre-determined relationship of
     the virtual tip of a probe relative to the fixation means as it scans the
     anatomy with the probe moving in space. The physical probe might be the
     sliding rod, which will be retractile within the fixation means. Thus, by
     knowing the degree of retraction, one can gauge the distance from the tip
     of the sliding probe to the virtual target, as calculated in the 3-D
     graphic workstation."
"A method is disclosed for providing a pure gas for use medical procedures
     in which the gas is contaminated with other gases during the procedure,
     and then separating the contaminants and recovering and reusing the
     decontaminated gas. The method is most advantageously used in medical
     imaging processes, such as magnetic resonance image (MRI), where
     hyperpolarized image enhancing noble gases, notably He.sup.3 or
     Xe.sup.129, are used for image enhancement in brain and lung imaging, and
     in which the contaminants are normally the exhalant gases from the imaged
     patient. The contaminated gas is passed through a series of drying and
     purification steps to remove the exhalant gases and separate the gas. The
     purified gas is then recovered and stored for reuse. This system prevents
     the loss of significant amounts of the image enhancing gases, which is
     important since key gases such as He.sup.3 and Xe.sup.129 are rare and
     expensive, and (especially He.sup.3) permanently lost once vented.
     Recovery of medical process gases such as those including isotopes of
     carbon, fluorine or phosphorus is also contemplated. High quality MR
     images of lung structures and processes and of brain functions can be
     obtained using the purified gases from this process."
"A magnetic recording and reading device which has a transfer rate of not
     less than 50 MB/s and which includes a magnetic recording medium having an
     absolute value of normalized noise coefficient per recording density of
     not more than 2.5.times.10.sup.-8 (.mu.Vrms)(inch)(.mu.m).sup.0.5
     /(.mu.Vpp). The magnetic recording and reading device also includes a
     magnetic head which is mounted on an integrated circuit suspension so that
     a total inductance is reduced to be not more than 65 nH and has a magnetic
     core which is not more than 35 .mu.m of length. A part of the magnetic
     core being formed by a magnetic film having a resistivity exceeding at
     least 50 .mu..OMEGA.cm or by a multilayer film consisting of a magnetic
     film and an insulating film. A fast R/W-IC having a line width of not more
     than 0.35 .mu.m is installed in a position within 2 cm from a rear end of
     the magnetic head, and the magnetic head is provided with a reading
     element comprising one of a giant magnetoresistance effect element and a
     thin film having tunneling-magnetoresistance effect, with an effective
     track width of not more than 0.9 .mu.m, and which performs reading of
     magnetic information at an areal density of not less than 5 Gb/in.sup.2."
"A specular reflector film of iron oxide is located between ferromagnetic
     first and second pinned films in a pinned layer for reflecting conduction
     electrons back for spin dependent scattering for improving the
     magnetoresistive coefficient of a spin valve sensor. The specular
     reflector film is preferably .gamma.Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3 since this material
     is a magnetic phase of iron oxide and will contribute to the magnetic
     moment of the pinned layer. In a preferred embodiment a dual spin valve
     sensor is employed wherein a pinned layer with a specular reflector film
     is located on each side of a free layer structure for reflecting
     conduction electrons from both sides of the free layer structure. Still
     further, it is preferred that each pinned layer be an antiparallel (AP)
     pinned layer structure with a specular reflector film embedded in one of
     the AP pinned layers of each AP pinned layer structure."
"A manufacturing method of a thin-film magnetic head with a MR multi-layered
     structure using exchange coupling magnetic bias, has a step of forming the
     MR multi-layered structure, and a step of providing the exchange coupling
     magnetic bias to the MR multi-layered structure by a temperature-annealing
     process. The temperature-annealing process includes a step of gradually
     decreasing the temperature of the multi-layered structure to a first
     predetermined temperature under application of magnetic field toward a
     predetermined direction."
"A head gimbal assembly includes a magneto-resistive read element integrated
     with a thermally assisted write element. The head gimbal assembly includes
     an optical waveguide positioned between two write poles to transmit a
     laser beam to a recording medium. The laser beam heats the medium
     sufficiently and lowers its coercivity in order to facilitate writing. A
     laser assembly is attached to a suspension for achieving direct coupling
     of the laser beam to an input end of the optical waveguide. The laser
     assembly is produced using cost effective wafer processing techniques. The
     use of silicon for the mounting block allows it to be used as a heat sink,
     for conducting heat away from the laser diode and into the suspension."
"A read only memory (ROM) capable of eliminating effects of off leak current
     of non-selected memory cells so as to prevent read errors in a large scale
     ROM. The ROM comprises word lines WL1-n activated in response to an
     address signal, sense lines CL1-m intersected with the word lines WL1-n
     and selected in response to a selection signal SL1-m,r, a reference sense
     line CLr intersected with the word lines WL1-n, memory cells 1.sub.m,n
     storing data therein, reference memory cells 5.sub.1-n connected to the
     reference sense line CLr, a sense amplifier 9 for comparing currents
     flowing on the selected one of the sense lines CL1-n and on the reference
     sense line CLr. The ROM further comprises a correction current supply
     circuit 40 connected to the sense lines CL1-n and the reference sense line
     CLr. The correction current supply circuit 40 generates a correction
     current approximately corresponding to a leak current flowing through the
     memory cells 1.sub.m,n connected to the selected one of the sense lines
     CL1-n and provides the correction current to the sense lines CL1-n and the
     reference sense line CLr."
"A magnetic recording and reading device which has a transfer rate of not
     less than 50 MB/s and which includes a magnetic recording medium having an
     absolute value of normalized noise coefficient per recording density of
     not more than 2.5.times.10.sup.-5 (.mu.Vrms)(inch)(.mu.m).sup.0.5
     /(.mu.Vpp), and a magnetic head which is mounted on an integrated circuit
     suspension so that a total inductance is reduced to be not more than 65
     nH. The magnetic head has a magnetic core which is not more than 35 .mu.m
     of length, a part of the magnetic core being formed by a magnetic film
     having a resistivity exceeding at least 50 .mu..OMEGA.cm or by a
     multilayer film consisting of a magnetic film and an insulating film. A
     fast R/W-IC having a line width of not more than 0.35 .mu.m is also
     provided. The magnetic head is provided with a reading element including
     one of a giant magnetoresistance effect element and a thin film having
     tunneling-magnetoresistance effect, with an effective track width of not
     more than 0.9 .mu.m, and performs the reading of magnetic information at
     an areal density of not less than 5 Gb/in.sup.2."
"In a magneto-resistive effect type head having provided between a lower
     shield layer and an upper shield layer an MR sensor with a
     magneto-resistive effect or a gigantic magneto-resistive effect; electrode
     layers electrically connected to the MR sensor; and lower and upper
     insulating layers magnetically and electrically isolating the MR sensor
     and the electrode layer from the shield layers, when the gap length is
     reduced and the lower and upper insulating layers are decreased in
     thickness, the insulating layers are more liable to a dielectric breakdown
     by static electricity produced in the manufacturing process of the
     magnetic head. In a magneto-resistive effect head, the portion of the
     insulating layer in which the MR sensor 30 and the lower or upper shield
     layer 10 or 60 do not face each other (in other words, the second lower
     insulating layer 22 or the second upper insulating layer 52) is formed by
     a lower-resistivity insulating film than the other portion of the
     insulating layer in which the MR sensor and the layers 10 or 60 face each
     other (in other words, the first lower insulating layer 21 or the first
     upper insulating layer 51). If electric charge accumulates in the
     electrode layer or shield layer by static electricity, a minute current
     flows through the low-resistivity insulating film, reducing a potential
     difference between the electrode layer and the shield layer and therefore
     the insulating layers can be prevented from breaking by static
     electricity."
"An object of the invention is to improve thermal conductivity of a first
     and a second shield gap films and to suppress a rise in temperature in an
     MR element.
A first shield gap film and a second shield gap film are formed of an
     insulating film which includes AlN as a main component and the (002) plane
     of AlN is oriented to the vertical direction to the surface of the
     insulating film. As a result, higher thermal conductivity can be attained
     compared to the case where a plurality of crystal surfaces of AlN are
     oriented to the vertical direction to the surface of the insulating film,
     and the heat generated in the MR element can be effectively dissipated.
     The insulating film may include a small amount of Ar. In such a case, the
     hardness is increased preventing the first and second shield gap films
     from being excessively polished when forming an air bearing surface. The
     insulating film may also include oxygen. If the insulating film includes
     oxygen, the stress is decreased and exfoliation of the insulating film is
     avoided."
"In a method of mass-producing efficiently and promptly a combination type
     thin film magnetic head having accurately defined short throat height,
     apex angle, and MR height or the like and capable of making the saturation
     and leakage of magnetic flux little, even if a magnetic pole portion is
     miniaturized, a recessed portion is formed in a surface of a substrate,
     while a first magnetic layer constituting a lower shield for GMR element
     is used as a mask, a second magnetic layer is formed along an inner wall
     of the recessed portion, a thin film coil is formed thereon in an isolated
     state, and a surface is flattened to constitute a common unit for
     manufacturing combination type thin film magnetic heads. A number of
     common units are manufactured and stocked without any relationship to
     users' specifications. Afterwards, according to user's specification, the
     third magnetic film connected with the second magnetic film and
     constituting a bottom pole is formed so as to have a thick portion
     adjacent to the air bearing surface and a thick portion adjacent to the
     second magnetic layer, after a step formed between these portions is
     buried with an insulating spacer layer and a surface is flattened, a flat
     fourth magnetic layer constituting a write gap layer and a top pole is
     formed. Finally, the air bearing surface is polished, while the step
     between the thick and thin portions of the third magnetic film as a
     reference position of throat height zero."
"A magnetic head has an exchange isolated poletip located between a shield
     of an MR sensor and a write pole of an inductive sensor. The poletip is
     preferably made of high B.sub.s material, allowing the flux that travels
     through the much larger pole layer to funnel through the poletip without
     saturation. The poletip is isolated from the shield layer in order to
     decouple the shield layer from unfavorable domain patterns that may occur
     in the poletip, which in turn reduces noise in the sensor, while the
     shield layer serves to complete the inductive circuit. Despite having a
     poletip isolated by nonmagnetic material, heads built according to this
     invention have demonstrated high overwrite as well as remarkably low
     noise."
"Preamplifiers are used in hard disk drive applications to read data stored
     on magnetic disk. Current bias current sense preamplifiers have a problem
     with bandwidth rolloff due to relatively high inductance. Voltage sense
     preamplifiers have a problem with peaking due to input capacitance. An
     improved current bias voltage sense preamplifier inserts a PMOS transistor
     M3 between the Rmr head and the bipolar transistor Q0. The PMOS transistor
     M3 and the bipolar transistor Q0 form a high impedance voltage sense
     preamplifier. Biasing of the MR head is performed transistors M6 and M7
     that mirror the current supplied by the current digital to analog
     converter into the MR head. Hence, the preamplifier is also of the current
     bias type. Peaking is controlled through a programmable current in an
     input capacitance cancellation circuit 30."
"A magnetic recording system includes an in-plane magnetic recording medium
     having a magnetic layer fabricated on a single underlayer or on a
     plurality of underlayers respectively fabricated on a substrate; a driver
     unit for driving the in-plane magnetic recording medium in a write
     direction; a magnetic head having a read unit and a write unit; a unit for
     moving the magnetic head relative to the in-plane magnetic recording
     medium; and a read/write signal processing unit for reading an output
     signal from the magnetic head and writing an input signal to the magnetic
     recording media, wherein the read unit of the magnetic head is a
     magnetoresistive head and the single underlayer or at least one of the
     plurality of underlayers is made of Co-containing amorphous material or
     fine crystal material, or is made of alloy material, the alloy material
     having as the main components at least one element selected from a group
     consisting of Cr, Mo, V and Ta and containing at least one element
     selected from a group consisting of B, C, P and Bi. The magnetic recording
     system can be realized which can read and write high density information
     and have high reliability."
"A thin film magnetic head includes an upper shield section, a lower shield
     section and a magnetoresistance device section between the upper shield
     section and the lower shield section. The magnetoresistance device section
     is connected to the upper shield section and the lower shield section
     through conductive layers. Current flows through the magnetoresistance
     device section via the upper shield and the lower shield."
"A MR multi-layered structure or a thin-film magnetic head with the MR
     multi-layered structure includes a non-magnetic electrically conductive
     material layer, first and second ferromagnetic material layer separated by
     the non-magnetic electrically conductive material layer, and an
     anti-ferromagnetic material layer formed adjacent to and in physical
     contact with one surface of the second ferromagnetic material layer, the
     one surface being in opposite side of the non-magnetic electrically
     conductive material layer. The second ferromagnetic material layer
     includes a first layer of a ferromagnetic material containing Co, and a
     second layer of a ferromagnetic material with a smaller magnetic
     anisotropy than that of Co."
"In a magnetic read/write assembly, the magnetoresistive (G)MR sensor
     element is protected against electrostatic discharge (ESD) and electrical
     overstress (EOS) by using a low resistance bypass. The low resistance
     bypass shunts current away from the magnetoresistive sensor element during
     an ESD or EOS event. This low resistance bypass is made up of two or more
     resistors connected in series, and positioned in parallel to the
     magnetoresistive sensor element. The use of electronic circuitry to
     temporarily disable this low resistance bypass allows the magnetoresistive
     sensor element to be tested during manufacturing. The low resistance
     bypass is removed prior to placing the (G)MR head into operation in the
     magnetic storage system or at any other desired step in the manufacturing
     process."
"A spin valve magnetoresistive effect type element assessment device
     includes a head assaying device having a magnetic disk provided with an
     assaying track where magnetic information is recorded, an oscilloscope for
     receiving a reproducing signal from an SV head employing an SV element
     through an amplifier, and a PC for measuring a track profile, namely, data
     representing relative position dependency of an output from the SV head
     with respect to the assaying track by controlling the head assaying device
     and oscilloscope."
"A circuit arrangement for correcting magneto-resistive head asymmetry
     includes a shift circuit which receives a read signal from a
     magneto-resistive head, and a polarity signal indicative of the polarity
     of any asymmetry of the read signal. Depending on the polarity of the
     asymmetry, the shift circuit either adds or subtracts a shift voltage to
     the read signal to produce a shifted read signal. The shift circuit
     outputs the read signal, the shifted read signal, and the shift voltage.
     First, second and third gain circuits are provided, which receive the read
     signal, the shifted read signal, and the shift voltage, respectively, and
     which each receive a respective control signal. The first, second and
     third gain circuits provide respective outputs amplified proportionally
     based on the respective control signals. Control circuitry provides the
     polarity signal to the shift circuit and the respective control signals to
     the first, second and third gain circuits, based on an amount of
     correction required. A common-mode-feedback circuit adjusts for changes in
     the common-mode caused by the waveform shaping."
"The subject matter of the invention is a motor vehicle closing device with
     a positioning element (3) which turns around one axis of rotation (7) or
     which moves linearly along one lengthwise axis and which has a position
     which is to be ascertained, and with a position detection means (8) which
     works without contact and which is located on the path of motion of the
     positioning element (3) (or on the positioning element 3 itself). It thus
     lends itself to ""diagnosis"" by the fact that on the positioning element
     (3) (or on the path of movement of the positioning element 3) in the
     direction of its motion there are several passive position detection
     elements (9) in succession and that position detection takes place by
     counting the signals of the position detection elements (9) by the
     position detection means (8). In particular it is provided that the
     position detection means (8) has a sensor which is sensitive to magnetic
     fields, especially a Hall sensor, a reed contact or a magnetoresistive
     sensor and the position detection elements (9) are made as alternatingly
     magnetic and nomnagnetic pole zones or pole zones which are magnetized
     with changing polarity."
"A lapping control sensor for a MR head includes a multi-layered structure
     of a metallic layer, an insulation layer, a resister layer and a lead
     conductor layer, and being provided in parallel with the MR head which has
     a multi-layered structure of at least a lower shield layer, a shield gap
     insulation layer, a MR layer and a lead conductor layer is provided. The
     insulation layer of the lapping control sensor has a thickness larger than
     that of the shield gap insulation layer of the MR head. The thickness of
     the insulation layer of the sensor is 0.1 .mu.m or more."
"A magnetic resonance-electrical impedance tomography (MREIT) technique for
     determining the local conductivity of an object. The MREIT technique
     combines magnetic resonance current density imaging (MRCDI) with
     electrical impedance tomography (EIT) in order to obtain the benefits of
     both procedures. The MREIT technique includes the step of current density
     imaging by performing the steps of placing a series of electrodes around
     the patient or object to be imaged for the application of current, placing
     the patient or object in a strong magnetic field, and applying an MR
     imaging sequence which is synchronized with the application of current
     through the electrodes. Next, the electric potentials of the surface of
     the object or patient are measured simultaneously with the MR imaging
     sequence, as in EIT. Then, the MR imaging signal containing information
     about the current and the measured potential are processed to calculate
     the internal conductivity (impedance) of the object or patient."
"A giant magnetoresistive sensor which is improved in reproduction output
     and peak asymmetry of read-back waveform. It is composed of a first free
     ferromagnetic film, a first non-magnetic film, a composite ferromagnetic
     film, a second non-magnetic film, and a second free ferromagnetic film,
     which are laminated sequentially, but has no antiferromagnetic film to fix
     said composite ferromagnetic film, and said composite ferromagnetic film
     contains a first, second, and third ferromagnetic film, which are
     antiferromagnetically coupled with one another, and also contains films
     which separate said ferromagnetic films from one another and
     antiferromagnetically couple them with one another."
"A magneto-resistive memory is disclosed that includes a high-speed sense
     amplifier that can reliably operate at low signal levels. The sense
     amplifier includes offset cancellation to reduce or eliminate the internal
     offsets of the amplifier. The offset cancellation is controlled by one or
     more switches, which during operation, selectively enable the offset
     cancellation of the amplifier and store the offsets in one or more
     coupling capacitors."
"A method and apparatus for dissipating heat generated in a sensor element
     of a vertical magnetoresistive recording head or flux guide
     magnetoresistive recording head having a recess formed in the lower and/or
     upper magnetic shields for enhancing efficiency during reading data from a
     magnetic medium. Heat is dissipated through a non-magnetic metal filler
     layer (10, 12) formed in the shield recesses (140) between an upper (2) or
     lower (6) metal shield and a sensor element (4) comprising a
     magnetoresistive head structure. The metal filler (10, 12) must be
     non-magnetic, must avoid an electrical short between the sensor element
     and the upper (2) or lower (6) magnetic shield, and must be compatible
     with the adjacent shield in terms of adhesion thereto and the thermal
     expansion coefficient thereof. An insulator layer (11, 20) comprising an
     electrical insulator is formed between the sensor element (4) and the
     metal filler (10, 12) to insure electrical insulation. The metal filler
     (10, 12) acts as a thermal path from the sensor element (4) to the metal
     shields (2, 6)."
"A magneto-resistive head preamplifier structure has a difference amplifier
     with cross-coupled transistors configured to cancel the adverse effects on
     preamplified output signals due to parasitic capacitance associated with
     the difference amplifier transistors. The cross-coupled transistors extend
     the useable bandwidth of the preamplifier by substantially reducing
     internally generated thermal noise."
"An MRI apparatus and method useful for both industrial applications and
     medical applications is provided. The apparatus and procedures are capable
     of estimating the value of a continuous property, such as concentration,
     viscosity or the like by interpolating or extrapolating from a model
     derived from training sets of data representing measurements of samples
     with known properties. A number of techniques are provided for
     objectifying the analysis. Cluster analysis techniques can be used to
     supplement, assist or replace subjective judgments by trained operators.
     Calculations or judgments regarding similarity can be made with respect to
     stored libraries of signatures, particularly where the library of stored
     signatures is obtained objectively, e.g., using cluster analysis,
     standardization and calibration. The signatures can be expanded signatures
     which include non-MR as well as MR data. Inhomogeneities in the field of a
     particular MR device can be corrected for based on measurements of a
     calibration standard having a homogeneous make up. MR measurements taken
     through different planes of a body or different times can be standardized
     by including, in at least some of the fields of view, a calibration
     standard which has a known MR signature."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) imaging system equipped with real-time imaging
     capability and methods of interactively prescribing geometry to excitation
     profiles of structure of interest, are disclosed herein. The MR imaging
     system includes a graphical user interface for displaying and receiving
     prescription commands, a display screen for displaying MR images and the
     graphical user interface, and an input device for inputting prescription
     commands. The MR imaging system allows an operator to prescribe the
     boundary geometry of a subsequent imaging volume and to rapidly view the
     prescribed boundary imaging sections prior to committing to the subsequent
     imaging volume acquisition. The MR imaging system also allows the operator
     to retrieve boundary geometry of a previously prescribed imaging volume
     and to rapidly view the imaging sections corresponding to the retrieved
     boundary geometry prior to initiating the image volume acquisition."
"An electronic position sensor for determining position as a function of
     magnetic flux density. The position sensor includes a magnetic flux sensor
     and a movable magnet, the sensed magnetic flux density by the magnetic
     sensor being a function of the relative air gap, magnet thickness, and
     magnetic field direction between the magnet and the magnet sensor element.
     The relationship between the magnetic flux density sensed by the magnetic
     sensing element and the positional disposition of the moved magnet
     component of the sensor is geometrically defined and optionally linear
     between two defined points of the range of articulation or motion of the
     sensor. The magnetic flux sensing element is a Hall-effect integrated
     circuit, magnetoresistor, magnetodiode, magnetotransistor, or similar
     sensing element with associated electronic circuitry having adjustable or
     programmable features including ratiometry, gain, offset voltage,
     temperature coefficient, and output signal range limiting."
"The present invention provides an exchange coupling film having a
     stacked-film-structure consisting of a ferromagnetic film made of at least
     one material of Fe, Co and Ni, and an antiferromagnetic film, wherein the
     exchange coupling film made of a ferromagnetic material to which an
     element is added, is provided at the interface between the ferromagnetic
     film and the antiferromagnetic film so as to improve the lattice matching,
     which results in the enhancement of the exchange coupling force, and a
     magnetoresistance effect element including such an exchange coupling film
     as described above, and an electrode for supplying a current to the
     ferromagnetic film which constitutes the exchange coupling film."
"A merged read/write magnetic recording head comprises a low magnetic moment
     first magnetic shield layer over a substrate. A read gap layer with a
     magnetoresistive head is formed over the first shield layer. A shared pole
     comprises a low magnetic moment second magnetic shield layer plated on a
     sputtered seed PLM layer over the read gap layer, a non-magnetic layer
     plated over the PLM layer and a HMM lower pole layer plated over the
     second magnetic shield layer. A write gap layer is formed over the first
     high magnetic moment pole layer of the shared pole. An upper pole
     comprises a high magnetic moment pole layer over the write gap layer."
"A magnetoresistive midpoint generator includes an input and an output
     terminal and four non-volatile magnetoresistive elements. Each element is
     programmable into a resistance equal to one of Rmax and Rmin, where Rmin
     is a minimum resistive value corresponding to parallel states of
     magnetization and Rmax is a maximum resistive value corresponding to
     anti-parallel states of magnetization. First and second series circuits,
     each series circuit including a magnetoresistive element with a resistance
     equal to Rmax connected in series with a magnetoresistive element with a
     resistance equal to Rmin, are connected in parallel between the input and
     output terminals, whereby a total resistance between the input and output
     terminals is a midpoint between Rmax and Rmin."
"The giant magnetoresistance (GMR) effect includes a contribution that is
     due to anisotropic magnetoresistance (AMR). Unfortunately the AMR effect
     tends to degrade the peak-to-peak signal asymmetry. Additionally, a high
     AMR/GMR ratio causes a larger signal asymmetry variation. It is therefor
     desirable to reduce both the AMR contribution as well as the AMR/GMR
     ratio. This has been achieved by modifying the free layer through the
     insertion of an extra layer of a highly resistive or insulating material
     at approximately mid thickness level. This layer is from 3 to 15 Angstroms
     thick and serves to reduce the Anisotropic Magneto-resistance contribution
     to the total magneto-resistance of the device. This reduces the GMR
     contribution only slightly but cuts the AMR/GMR ratio in half, thereby
     improving cross-track asymmetry and signal linearity."
"It is an object of the invention to prevent a short circuit between a
     shield layer and a magnetoresistive element or a conductive layer
     connected thereto. A thin-film magnetic head comprises a reproducing head
     and a recording head. The reproducing head includes: an MR element; a
     bottom shield layer and a top shield layer for shielding the MR element; a
     first conductive layer connected to the MR element; a bottom shield gap
     film placed between the bottom shield layer and the MR element and the
     conductive layer; a top shield gap film placed between the top shield
     layer and the MR element and the conductive layer; and a second conductive
     layer connected to the first conductive layer through a contact hole
     formed in the top shield gap film. The contact hole provided for
     connecting the first conductive layer to the second conductive layer is
     formed after a first layer of the top shield layer is formed on the top
     shield gap film."
"Magnetic transducers are formed with common magnetic exchange layers
     capable of providing assertive and complementary signals. The transducers
     include an assertive transducer portion and a complementary transducer
     portion. Between the two transducer portions is a common bias portion
     which comprises an antiferromagnetic layer providing bias fields in
     different directions to the respective transducer portions. During normal
     operations, a current is directed into each of the transducer portions.
     The assertive transducer portion, being magnetically biased in one
     direction, generates a varying voltage as an assertive version of the
     electrical signal. The complementary transducer, being magnetically biased
     in another direction, generates another varying voltage as a complementary
     version of the electrical signal. In one embodiment, the transducer
     portions are implemented to operate as an anisotropic MR(AMR) sensor. In a
     second embodiment, the transducer portions operate as a giant MR(GMR) or
     spin valve sensor."
"A method and apparatus for processing a readback signal obtained from a
     storage medium using a magnetoresistive (MR) element restores a thermal
     signal component of the signal. A readback signal obtained from the
     storage medium comprises a thermal component representing a thermal
     response of the MR element, and may further comprise a magnetic component
     representing servo or user data. The readback signal is filtered so as to
     degrade the thermal component of the signal, typically by amplification
     circuitry exhibiting a highpass filtering behavior. The highpass filtered
     readback signal is further filtered using a lowpass filter. The filtered
     signal is sampled, and a sliding window comprising a series of binary
     values is applied to groups of the signal samples to produce a plurality
     of signal sample values for each of the signal sample groups. The signal
     sample values for each of the signal sample groups are summed to produce a
     restored thermal signal substantially representative of the thermal
     component of the readback signal. A highpass magnetic readback signal may
     also be operated on to produce a restored thermal component. A sampled
     ternary signal is produced by a recording channel using the readback
     signal as an input. A sliding window is applied to groups of the ternary
     signal samples to produce signal sample values for each of the ternary
     signal sample groups. The signal sample values are summed for each of the
     ternary signal sample groups to produce a restored thermal signal
     substantially representative of the thermal component of the readback
     signal."
"In a rotation angle detecting device, a circuit scale thereof is reduced
     and a manufacturing cost thereof is lowered. The rotation angle detecting
     device is arranged by comprising: a bridge circuit for converting a
     magnetic field change of an MR element into a voltage change; a 1st
     differential amplifying circuit for amplifying the signal outputted from
     the bridge circuit; an AC coupling circuit for removing a DC component
     from the output signal of the 1st differential amplifying circuit; a 2nd
     differential amplifying circuit for amplifying the signal output from the
     AC coupling circuit; a comparing circuit for comparing the signal
     outputted from the 2nd differential amplifying circuit with a reference
     value to thereby output any one of a signal of ""0"" and a signal of ""1""; an
     output circuit for waveform-shaping the signal outputted from the
     comparing circuit; and an initiating circuit including a 1st to a 3rd
     transistors, and a differentiating circuit for driving the 1st to 3rd
     transistors; in which both the 1st and the 2nd transistors are connected
     to the AC coupling circuit so as to converge the output signal of the AC
     coupling circuit into a reference voltage immediately after a power supply
     is turned ON; and in which the 3rd transistor is connected to the
     comparing circuit so as to also converge the input signal of the comparing
     circuit into an AC coupling reference level."
"A spin valve type magnetoresistance effect film comprises a multilayered
     film including a non-magnetic metal layer, a ferromagnetic layer formed on
     one surface of the non-magnetic metal layer, a soft magnetic layer formed
     on the other surface of the non-magnetic metal layer, an antiferromagnetic
     layer which is formed on a surface of the ferromagnetic layer remote from
     the other surface thereof abutting the non-magnetic metal layer so as to
     pin a direction of magnetization of the ferromagnetic layer, and an
     antiferromagnetization promote layer formed on a surface of the
     antiferromagnetic layer remote from the other surface thereof abutting the
     ferromagnetic layer, wherein the antiferromagnetic layer is made of a
     compound containing Mn and having a CuAu-I type regular crystal structure
     the which requires a heat treatment for generating exchange coupling
     relative to the ferromagnetic layer, and the antiferromagnetic layer after
     the heat treatment has a state wherein (110) crystal surfaces are oriented
     on a film surface of the antiferromagnetic layer."
"The present invention provides a magneto-rheological controlled damping
     assembly that eliminates contact between the piston and the damping
     cylinder and that maintains a constant volume for the magneto-rheological
     fluid within the damping cylinder, therefore substantially reducing
     abrasion and wear to the damping apparatus components and increasing the
     performance and the life of the damping apparatus. The magneto-rheological
     damping apparatus includes a cylinder, having an MR fluid chamber portion
     containing a magneto-rheological fluid therein; a piston rod extending
     concentrically within the MR fluid chamber portion of the cylinder, where
     the piston rod is axially slidable with respect to the cylinder; a piston
     mounted on the piston rod and positioned within the MR fluid chamber
     portion of the cylinder, where a radial gap is formed between the piston
     and the MR fluid chamber portion of the cylinder so as to provide a flow
     path for the magneto-rheological fluids; a pair of rod guides positioned
     on opposite ends of the MR fluid portion of the cylinder, where the piston
     rod extends through and is supported by both rod guides; and a solenoid,
     operatively coupled to a current supply for generating a magnetic flux in
     the radial gap, thereby controlling the viscosity of the
     magneto-rheological fluid in the flow path."
"A method and apparatus for providing a high-quality representation of a
     volume having a real-time 3-D reconstruction therein of movement of an
     object, wherein the real-time movement of the object is determined using a
     lower-quality representation of only a portion of the volume. Movement of
     the object is detected in a 2-D X-ray fluoroscopy image and is
     reconstructed in a 3-D angiography (X-ray) reconstruction. Using a common
     C-arm and X-ray geometry advantageously, the 2-D and 3-D data
     representative of vascular structures of a patient is acquired, thereby
     facilitating the merger of the real-time 2-D fluoroscopic images with the
     3-D reconstructed vascular structures in a common 3-D-visualization
     framework. Also described is a technique for 3-D reconstruction of a
     catheter from real-time 2-D fluoroscopic images and stored 3-D angiography
     data, so as to present the 3-D reconstructed catheter in the common
     coordinate frame. The merger of 3-D angiography image representations
     acquired with other modalities, such as MR or CT, is also disclosed."
"According to the invention, the magnetoresistance (25) is coupled to a
     secondary air gap (15) formed by two hollowed out magnetic parts (12-1,
     12-2). Applicable to the measurement of magnetic fields."
"A thin film magnetic head having a particularly short throat height and a
     fine pole portion with no magnetic saturation and a small magnetic flux
     leakage is manufactured on a mass scale in an efficient and speedy manner
     as follows. After forming a lower shield for a magnetoresistive type thin
     film magnetic head on a substrate, a magnetoresistive layer embedded in a
     shield gap layer is formed, a first magnetic layer constituting an upper
     shield for the magnetoresistive type thin film magnetic head as well as a
     lower pole of an inductive type thin film magnetic head is formed, a
     recess is formed in its surface, an insulating layer is embedded in the
     recess, and a surface is flattened. On the thus flattened surface, is
     formed a write gap layer, and a second magnetic layer constituting a pole
     chip is formed into a desired pattern. A rear edge of said second magnetic
     layer is extended inwardly beyond an edge of the recess opposing to an air
     bearing surface. On the write gap layer, first and second layer thin film
     coils are formed on the write gap layer such that the thin film coils are
     supported by photoresist insulating layers, a third magnetic layer is
     formed such that a front end of the third magnetic layer is retarded from
     the air bearing surface and the third magnetic layer is coupled with the
     first magnetic layer at a portion remote from the air bearing surface, and
     then an overcoat layer is formed on a whole surface. A position of said
     edge of the recess formed in the first magnetic layer opposed to the air
     bearing surface is not deviated during the manufacturing process and the
     air bearing surface is polished while said position is used as a throat
     height zero reference position."
"A giant magnetoresistive material film includes at least two ferromagnetic
     layers of a NiFe alloy or NiFeCo alloy, which are formed on a substrate
     through a nonmagnetic layer of Au, Ag, Cu or Cr, wherein magnetization of
     at lest one of the ferromagnetic layers is pinned by a coercive force
     increasing layer of .alpha.-Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3 provided adjacent thereto and
     having a thickness of 200 to 1000 .ANG. so as to increase coercive force
     of the ferromagnetic layer, and the other ferromagnetic layer has free
     magnetization so as to produce a change in magnetic resistance at a low
     magnetic field. The present invention also provides a method of producing
     the giant magnetoresistive material film and a magnetic head provided with
     the giant magnetoresistive material film."
"It is an object of a method of manufacturing a thin-film magnetic head of
     the invention to improve the insulating property between an electrode
     connected to a magnetoresistive element and a shield layer without
     increasing the thickness of an insulating layer between the
     magnetoresistive element and the shield layer. In the method, a pair of
     conductive layers to be the electrode (lead) connected to the MR element
     are formed on an insulating layer. Magnetic layers are formed to surround
     the conductive layers while an insulating film is placed between the
     magnetic layers and the conductive layers. Next, an insulating layer of
     alumina, for example, is formed over the entire surfaces of the magnetic
     layers. This insulating layer is polished to the surfaces of the
     conductive layers and flattened. Through this flattening process, a
     structure is obtained in which the magnetic layers are made to be a bottom
     shield layer, and in grooves thereby made in the bottom shield layer, the
     conductive layers are formed in a self-aligned manner."
"The magnetoresistive read head comprises a hard magnetic bias layer formed
     along the end surface of a magnetoresistive layer or spin valve layer
     extending over the level plane. The tip end of the hard magnetic bias
     layer reaches or overlaps the top surface of the magnetoresistive layer.
     The overlap amount is measured from the tip end of the hard magnetic bias
     layer to the terminal end of the free magnetic layer. The overlap amount
     smaller than 0.282 .mu.m serves to reduce Barkhausen noise appearing in
     the output from the magnetoresistive layer. In addition, when an
     inclination angle is set larger than 40.degree. between the end surface
     and the level plane, a larger amount of hard magnetic bias layer is
     allowed to cover the top surface of the magnetoresistive layer."
"A magnetic read head having an air bearing surface, a magnetoresistive
     sensor, an insulator layer, and first and second current contacts. The
     magnetoresistive sensor has a first portion adjacent to the air bearing
     surface and a second portion distal from the air bearing surface. The
     first and second current contacts are positioned in electrical contact
     with opposite edges of the first portion of the magnetoresistive sensor,
     and the insulator layer is positioned between the second portion of the
     magnetoresistive sensor and each of the first and second current contacts."
"A magnetoresistive effect type reproducing head is formed by stacking a
     lower magnetic shield made of magnetic material, a lower inter-layer
     insulation film, a magnetoresistive effect type element for detecting
     magnetic field by using a magnetoresistive effect, an upper inter-layer
     insulation film, and an upper magnetic shield made of magnetic material,
     on a substrate in this order, wherein a resistivity of at least one of the
     lower and upper magnetic shields is more than 200 .mu..OMEGA..multidot.cm."
"An apparatus and method for extending the service life of an MR element
     incorporated in a read/write head involves detecting periods of disk drive
     system inactivity and selectively switching between the heads for purposes
     of reading servo information during the inactive periods. Switching
     between heads may involve selecting each of the heads for reading servo
     information during one or more periods of disk drive system inactivity or
     selecting each of the heads in sequence during a respective period of
     system inactivity. Selecting between heads may also involve selecting a
     head having a minimum of usage, such as a head having an MR element with a
     minimum of cumulative operational time or energy dissipation relative to
     other MR elements provided in the disk drive system. Selecting between
     heads may further include selectively activating each of the heads for
     reading servo information for a predetermined duration of time during one
     or more periods of system idleness. An alternative method involves moving
     the head to a target location, such as a location of maximum head-to-disk
     clearance, over a surface of a data storage disk, and reducing the servo
     sampling rate during a period of system inactivity. Reducing the servo
     sampling rate involves reducing the rate from a nominal number of servo
     samples per disk revolution to a reduced number of servo samples per disk
     revolution, such as one servo sample per disk revolution. The MR elements
     may be selectively activated during idle periods so as to further reduce
     usage of the MR elements."
"The present invention is a method and apparatus for positioning a
     magnetoresistive (MR) head relative to a storage medium in a storage
     device. The storage medium is mounted in the storage device to allow
     relative movement between the MR head and the storage medium. The storage
     medium includes servo information provided to induce a thermal response in
     the MR head. A controller controls the relative movement between the MR
     head and the storage medium using the thermal response induced in the MR
     head."
"A method for forming a magnetoresistive (MR) layer first employs a
     substrate over which is formed a magnetoresistive (MR) layer formed of a
     magnetoresistive (MR) material. There is then ion implanted selectively,
     while employing an ion implant method, the magnetoresistive (MR) layer to
     form: (1) an ion implanted portion of the magnetoresistive (MR) layer
     formed of an ion implanted magnetoresistive (MR) material; and (2) an
     adjoining non ion implanted portion of the magnetoresistive (MR) layer
     formed of the magnetoresistive (MR) material, where the ion implanted
     magnetoresistive (MR) material is a non magnetoresistive (MR) material.
     The method may be employed for forming within magnetoresistive (MR) sensor
     elements magnetoresistive (MR) layers with enhanced dimensional
     uniformity, and in particular enhanced overlay dimensional uniformity."
"Front surface magneto-optical (FSMO) information storage and retrieval
     media having improved tribological properties when used in high-density
     storage devices employing very small head flying heights are formed by
     providing an ultra-thin, protective flash layer overcoat (FLO)/lubricant
     topcoat layer system on the media surface. Embodiments of the present
     invention include forming the FLO layer of an amorphous,
     abrasion-resistant, carbon-based, diamond-like material not greater than
     about 10 .ANG. thick and selected from CN.sub.x, CH.sub.x, and CN.sub.x
     H.sub.y, and providing the lubricant topcoat on the FLO layer as an about
     15-25 .ANG. thick layer of a fluoropolyether or perfluoropolyether
     material, e.g., perfluoropolyethylene (PFPE)."
"A random access memory element utilizes giant magnetoresistance. The
     element includes at least one pair of ferromagnetic layers sandwiching a
     nonmagnetic conductive layer. At least one of the two ferromagnetic layers
     has a magnetic moment oriented within its own plane. The magnetic moment
     of at least the first ferromagnetic layer of the pair has its magnetic
     moment oriented within its own plane and is typically fixed in direction
     during use. The second ferromagnetic layer of the pair has a magnetic
     moment which has at least two preferred directions of orientation. These
     preferred directions of orientation may or may not reside within the plane
     of the second ferromagnetic layer. The bit of the memory element may be
     set by applying to the element a magnetic field which orients the magnetic
     moment of the second ferromagnetic layer in one or the other of these
     preferred orientations. Once the bit is set, the value of the determined
     by the relative alignment of the magnetic moments of the first and second
     ferromagnetic layers. This value may be read by applying an interrogating
     current across the memory element, perpendicular to the plane within which
     the magnetic moment of the first ferromagnetic layer is oriented, and
     observing the variation in resistance. These ferromagnetic elements may be
     fabricated using conventional photolithography. Groups of these
     ferromagnetic element may be organized into word trees and other arrays."
"An FSE-system multi-echo MRI pulse sequence is used to steadily depict
     objects such as blood flows without a contrast medium. The pulse sequence
     has a gradient pulse set such that, among the plurality of echoes, an
     amount M' of a j-th (j=1, 1, 2, . . . ) gradient moment accumulated up to
     an n-th (n=1, 2, 3, . . . ) echo is approximately half an amount M
     (considered to be approximately constant when k.gtoreq.n ) of the j-th
     gradient moment from a k-th (k=n, n+1, n+2, . . . ) echo to a ""k+1""-th
     echo. This pulse sequence is performed and generated multi-echoes are
     acquired. An MR image is produced using echoes generated after the n-th
     echo among the acquired multi-echoes. For example, the n-th echo is an
     echo for n.gtoreq.2 and a readout gradient to be applied during an
     interval down to the ""n-1""-th echo is altered in time or amplitude, with a
     given gradient moment."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) imaging system including a method and apparatus
     for reducing image artifacts caused by magnet vibration is disclosed
     herein. The system includes a magnetic field vibration quantification and
     compensation scheme including quantifying a vibration error component
     included in the magnetic field configured to acquire k-space data
     corresponding to an MR image, and correcting the k-space data using the
     vibration error component. The vibration-induced magnetic field
     perturbation includes a spatially invariant magnetic field, a spatially
     linear readout magnetic field gradient, a spatially linear phase-encoding
     magnetic field gradient, and a spatially linear slice-selection magnetic
     field gradient. The vibration error component can be at least one of a
     spatially independent phase error of the spatially invariant magnetic
     field, a k.sub.x -space displacement error of the spatially linear readout
     magnetic field gradient, a k.sub.y -space displacement error of the
     spatially linear phase-encoding magnetic field gradient, and a
     slice-selection error of the spatially linear slice-selection magnetic
     field gradient."
"A method is provided for making a well-defined, highly-predictable chevron
     type MR sensor for a read head. A first material is selected for a first
     gap layer. A selected second material is deposited on the first gap layer
     followed by a resist frame that has elongated openings exposing elongated
     top portions of the first gap layer that extend at an acute angle to a
     head surface of the read head. A selected reactive ion etch (RIE) is
     employed to etch away the exposed portions of the second material layer
     down to the first material of the first gap layer. The material of the
     second material layer is chosen to be etched by the RIE while the material
     of the first gap layer is chosen not to be etched by the RIE. An example
     is Al.sub.2 O.sub.3 for the first gap layer, SiO.sub.2 for the second
     material layer and a RIE that is fluorine based. The resist frame is
     removed leaving elongated strips of the second material layer extending at
     the aforementioned angle to the head surface. MR material is then
     sputtered on top of the first gap layer and on the second material strips
     building up a MR sensor which has a ribbed structure on each of its first
     and second surfaces. The resultant MR head has second material strips
     sandwiched between the first gap layer and the MR sensor."
"A medical instrument, for use in relation to an MR scanner, comprising body
     portion having mounted thereon a plurality of positioning elements each of
     which comprises a reservoir containing a liquid and at least two spaced
     tuned MR auxiliary receiver coils positioned coaxially with respect to one
     another and carried by the reservoir, and means for electrically
     connecting the said auxiliary coils to separate receiver channels of the
     MR scanner. Flux enhancement is used to enable the positioning elements to
     be rapidly located without disturbing the magnetization of the patient and
     thereby permit the position of the medical instrument and the image of the
     patient to be rapidly cycled between."
"A method and apparatus for improving baseline recovery of an MR head using
     a programmable AC coupling pole. The location of the pole may be adjusted
     to achieve the fastest recovery from a baseline shift without degrading
     the normal channel performance. Further, the pole may be moved during the
     data recovery procedure to recover from a data read error. The
     programmable AC coupling pole includes a circuit path carrying digital
     data signals read from a recording media by a magnetic head, an amplifier
     coupled to the circuit path for amplifying the digital data signals, and a
     recovery time setting device having an programmable recovery time constant
     associated therewith. Once a data read error has been detected by the
     system, the recovery time constant may be adjusted to set a recovery time
     for the amplifier to provide readable data signals. In addition, a digital
     controller may be coupled to the recovery time setting device for
     adjusting the recovery time setting device to change the recovery time
     constants in response to disturbances to the magnetic head. The
     programmable AC coupling pole may be disposed at the output of the
     magnetic head preamplifier or it may be before the data channel amplifier."
"A head suspension assembly for use in a magnetic disk drive includes a
     magnetic head constituted by a magnetoresistive element for reading data
     and a head element for writing data, a slider for holding the magnetic
     head above a surface of a rotating magnetic recording medium, a suspension
     for supporting the slider, and a head integrated circuit mounted on the
     suspension. The head integrated circuit having a built-in protection
     circuit electrically connected with the magnetoresistive element to
     protect the magnetoresistive element from electrostatic breakdown.
     Thereby, the magnetic head can be efficiently prevented from suffering
     electrostatic breakdown due to, e.g., electrostatic discharge occurring
     during the assembly process of incorporating the head suspension assembly
     into the magnetic disk drive."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) imaging system equipped with real-time imaging
     capability and method of interactively prescribing image contrast are
     disclosed herein. The MR imaging system includes a sequence controller for
     constructing MR imaging pulse sequences and a waveform memory for storing
     waveform segments. The MR imaging system allows an operator to
     interactively prescribe image contrast mechanism prior to and/or during
     real-time imaging. The use of image contrast waveform segments, only as
     needed, minimizes unnecessary MR scan time."
"A spectroscopic magnetic resonance imaging method involves sub-sampling in
     the k space. For example, the SENSE technique is applied in spectroscopic
     MR imaging. Such sub-sampling is also applied in three-dimensional MR
     imaging."
"Signal isolator circuits using one or more magneto-resistive sensors are
     disclosed. In a first embodiment, a magneto-resistive sensor is used to
     sense an input magnetic field. A feedback circuit senses the output signal
     from the sensor, and applies a current to an output coil that
     substantially null out the input magnetic field at the magneto-resistive
     sensor. In another embodiment, the input signal is provided to a first
     magneto-resistive bridge sensor and an offset input signal is provided to
     a second magneto-resistive bridge sensor. Changes in sensitivity of the
     bridge sensors can be detected by comparing the output signal signals from
     the sensors. The excitation voltage that is applied to the sensors is then
     adjusted to compensate for any changes in sensitivity. It is contemplated
     that a single magneto-resistive bridge sensor may be used to effectively
     perform both measurements of the first and second magneto-resistive bridge
     sensors."
"A magnetoresistive material with two metallic magnetic phases. The material
     exhibits the giant magnetoresistance effect (GMR). A first phase of the
     material includes a matrix of an electrically conductive ferromagnetic
     transition metal or an alloy thereof. A second precipitate phase exhibits
     ferromagnetic behavior when precipitated into the matrix and is
     antiferromagnetically exchange coupled to the first phase. The second
     precipitate phase can be electrically conductive rare earth pnictide or
     can be a Heusler alloy. A method of manufacturing magnetoresistive
     materials according to the present invention employs facing targets
     magnetron sputtering. The invention also includes a method of detecting
     magnetic field strength by providing a read head including a portion of
     one of the magnetoresistive materials according to the invention, exposing
     the read head to the magnetic field of a magnetic recording medium,
     sensing electrical resistivity of the portion of material associated with
     the magnetic field of the magnetic recording medium, and converting the
     electrical resistivity into a signal which is indicative of the magnetic
     field strength of the magnetic field associated with the magnetic
     recording medium. A digital magnetic recording system, according to the
     present invention, is adapted for use with a magnetic recording medium
     having a characteristic coercive force and a plurality of stored bits
     thereon. The bits are stored by magnetic field strength levels of a
     magnetic field associated with the medium. The system can include a
     conventional write head and a controller. The system can also include a
     read head including a portion of magnetoresistive material according to
     the present invention which is located in proximity to the medium and a
     suitable resistivity sensor."
"Apparatus which provides a barrier for vibrational energy between an MR
     imaging system and an associated horizontal support surface includes a
     stiff platform of substantial mass, which is disposed to carry the entire
     weight of the MR imaging system. The apparatus further includes a number
     of vibration isolation elements positioned to support the platform and the
     MR imaging system upon the horizontal support surface. Each of the
     isolation elements comprises an enclosure containing pressurized air which
     is disposed to dampen vibrations, in order to oppose the transmission of
     vibrations between the platform and the support surface. An air pressure
     regulator is coupled to respective isolation elements to maintain
     specified air pressure levels therein, in order to support the platform in
     selected spaced-apart orientation with respect to the horizontal support
     surface."
"A multi-step stud design and method for fabricating the same of special
     utility for producing closely packed interconnects in magnetic recording
     heads, particularly higher density magnetoresistive and giant
     magnetoresistive tape heads. The multi-step stud fabrication process and
     structure enables the achievement of significantly higher interconnect
     densities resulting in an increased number of channels per millimeter on a
     single computer mass storage device recording head. A resultant stronger
     encapsulation surrounding the stud further provides increased channel
     reliability. The improved uniformity of the photoresist aperture achieved
     for each step in the stud structure, and lower current spreading
     resistance because of the wider underlying stud base size, increases stud
     uniformity resulting in improved stud yields. This increased yield
     compared with conventional single step stud processes reduces cost, even
     with the additional photolithography and plating processes involved."
"A method for fabricating a soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR)
     sensor element and several soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR)
     sensor elements which may be fabricated employing the method. There is
     first provided a substrate. There is formed over the substrate a
     dielectric layer, where the dielectric layer has a first surface of the
     dielectric layer and a second surface of the dielectric layer opposite the
     first surface of the dielectric layer. There is also formed over the
     substrate a magnetoresistive (MR) layer contacting the first surface of
     the dielectric layer. There is also formed over the substrate a soft
     adjacent layer (SAL), where the soft adjacent layer (SAL) has a first
     surface of the soft adjacent layer (SAL) and a second surface of the soft
     adjacent layer (SAL). The first surface of the soft adjacent layer (SAL)
     contacts the second surface of the dielectric layer. Finally, there is
     also formed over the substrate a transverse magnetic biasing layer, where
     the transverse magnetic biasing layer contacts the second surface of the
     soft adjacent layer (SAL), and where at least one of the dielectric layer,
     the magnetoresistive (MR) layer, the soft adjacent layer (SAL) and the
     transverse magnetic biasing layer is a patterned layer formed employing an
     etch mask which serves as a lift-off stencil for forming a patterned
     second dielectric layer adjoining an edge of the patterned layer. The
     invention also contemplates a soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive
     (MR) sensor element formed with the magnetoresistive (MR) layer interposed
     between the substrate and the soft adjacent layer (SAL). Similarly, the
     invention also contemplates a soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive
     (MR) sensor element employing a transverse magnetic biasing layer formed
     of a hard bias permanent magnet material."
"A method and system for protecting a magnetoresistive (MR) head from
     electrostatic discharge damage is disclosed. The MR head includes an MR
     sensor having a first end and a second end. The MR head is coupled with a
     suspension assembly including a first lead coupled with the first end of
     the MR sensor, a second lead coupled with the second end of the MR sensor,
     and an insulating film supporting first and second portions of the first
     and second leads. In one aspect, the method and system include providing
     first and second test pads coupled with the first and second leads,
     respectively. The first and second test pads are for testing the MR head.
     The method and system also include providing a permanent resistor coupled
     to the first and second test pads. The permanent resistor has a resistance
     of less than approximately ten thousand ohms. In another aspect, the
     suspension assembly includes first and second head gimbal assembly pads
     coupled to the first and second leads, respectively. In this aspect, the
     method and system include coupling a permanent resistor coupled to the
     first and second head gimbal assembly pads. In another aspect, the MR head
     is included in a slider having first and second pads for providing current
     to the MR sensor. In this aspect, the method and system include coupling a
     permanent resistor to the first and second pads."
"An MR head self-testing method is provided to test for instability in MR
     heads incorporated with a hard disk drive. A first method is carried out
     with the disk rotating and includes positioning the MR head over a
     rotating magnetic storage disk and controlling the MR head to read from
     erased data fields defined on the disk. This read signal is filtered and
     conditioned according to preprogrammed filter coefficients contained in an
     FIR filter to provide an exaggerated read error signal. The exaggerated
     read error signal is provided to a digital comparator and counter circuit
     for detecting and counting voltage baseline jumps that exceed
     preprogrammed positive and/or negative threshold values. The counted
     positive and negative voltage baseline jumps, which are indicative of MR
     head instability, are provided to an error diagnostic register for
     analysis. If the error diagnostic register contains single polarity
     voltage baseline jumps, the voltage baseline jumps may be caused by
     thermal asperities on the disk. If the error diagnostic register contains
     both positive and negative voltage baseline jumps, the voltage baseline
     jumps may be caused by MR head instability. A second method is carried out
     with the disk stationary so there is no opportunity for thermal asperities
     to generate baseline jumps. Possible instabilities can only be of the
     Barkhausen noise or dielectric breakdown types."
"A magnetic imaging device, such as an MR scanner, is used to provide a
     modified three-dimensional gradient echo sequence having a
     spatial-spectral excitation in which phase-encoding lines are interleaved
     for the excitation of water and of fat. The phase-encoding lines are
     spaced by an interval equal to half of the repetition time. The resulting
     data are sorted for the reconstruction of water-only and fat-only images,
     which are realigned and combined to form water-fat combined images free of
     chemical shift artifacts."
"A magnetoresistive sensor element, in particular an angle sensor element,
     has a first, magnetic layer (3) whose direction of magnetization
     represents a reference direction, a second, nonmagnetic layer (2) formed
     on the first layer (3), a third magnetic layer (1), formed on the second
     layer (2), whose direction of magnetization can be varied by an external
     magnetic field, and an additional layer consisting of a current conductor
     (5) for selective orientation of the direction of magnetization of the
     first layer (3). A current flow direction of an electric current that
     passes through the current conductor (5) can be switched to change the
     magnetization direction of the first magnetic layer (3) to create
     different reference directions. An insulation layer (4) for galvanic
     separation of the first magnetic layer (3) from the additional layer (5)
     is also provided between them."
"A position sensor for non-contact position measurement includes a sensor
     magnet and a sensor body. The sensor body is formed from a
     magneto-resistive material and is given a two or three dimensional
     geometrical shape to achieve a desired sensitivity function. The desired
     sensitivity function results from a variation in one or more of the sensor
     body dimensions. By forming the sensor body of magneto-resistive material
     into different geometrical shapes like a simple wedge, a double wedge, a
     circular tapered form or an arbitrary shape, a desired sensitivity
     function is obtained."
"Disclosed is a magnetic head manufacturing method for accurately measuring
     resistance value whereby magnetic heads are processed while measuring the
     resistance values of process monitoring element. After forming on a wafer
     magnetic head elements and monitoring element, in which resistance values
     change in analog fashion in line with processing, these elements are cut
     from the wafer. Next, the magnetic heads are processed to a prescribed
     height while measuring the resistance values of the monitoring element. In
     the forming process, the difference .DELTA.I between the positions of the
     magnetic head elements and monitoring element is measured in advance, and
     this difference .DELTA.I is used to convert the resistance values of the
     monitoring element to the height of the magnetic head elements. This makes
     it possible to correct errors in masks. Furthermore, patterns can be
     formed accurately by setting the position of the monitoring element to the
     same position as the magnetoresistive film of the magnetic heads."
"A shielded magnetoresistance (MR) effect sensor includes the following
     layers that are laminated in sequence: a lower shielding layer, a lower
     gap layer, a MR effect device, a vertical bias layer that directly
     contacts side surfaces of the MR effect device, and a lower electrode
     layer that also directly contacts the side surfaces of the MR effect
     device. An upper gap layer is laminated on the lower electrode layer and
     on a top surface of the MR effect device and an upper shielding layer is
     laminated on the upper gap layer. Alternatively, the vertical bias layer
     directly contacts the top and side surfaces of the MR effect device and
     the lower electrode is laminated on the vertical bias layer."
"A magneto-resistance effect head records and reproduces recorded magnetic
     material. The magneto-resistance effect head has a magneto-resistance
     effect film connected to a pair of leads. Additionally, a magnetic yoke,
     with a first and second magnetic yoke member, directs a signal magnetic
     field from a recording medium to the magneto-resistance effect film. The
     magneto-resistance effect head is constructed such that the first and
     second magnetic yoke members have surfaces that face the recording medium.
     The surfaces of the first and second magnetic yoke members have a magnetic
     gap between them. Additionally, the magneto-resistance effect film is
     recessed from the medium facing surfaces by a predetermined distance.
     Moreover, the first and second magnetic yoke members are aligned almost in
     parallel with the magnetic flux flow from the recording medium to the
     first magnetic yoke member, the magneto-resistance effect film, and the
     second magnetic yoke member."
"A disk drive is disclosed comprising a bias layer in a magnetoresistive
     (MR) head actuated over a disk having a plurality of data tracks, each
     data track comprising a plurality of sectors. A sync mark detector detects
     a sync mark pattern in a sector, wherein when the sync mark pattern is
     detected a sync mark detect signal and a polarity signal are generated.
     The polarity signal indicates when the polarity of the bias layer has
     deviated from a preferred polarity, wherein the polarity of the bias layer
     is realigned back toward the preferred polarity."
"The present invention provides an exchange coupling film having a
     stacked-film-structure consisting of a ferromagnetic film made of at least
     one material of Fe, Co and Ni, and an antiferromagnetic film, wherein the
     exchange coupling film made of a ferromagnetic material to which an
     element is added, is provided at the interface between the ferromagnetic
     film and the antiferromagnetic film so as to improve the lattice matching,
     which results in the enhancement of the exchange coupling force, and a
     magnetoresistance effect element including such an exchange coupling film
     as described above, and an electrode for supplying a current to the
     ferromagnetic film which constitutes the exchange coupling film."
"A method comprises the step of providing a read-write element on a wafer
     including at least one magnetoresistive stripe, providing a shared pole
     layer above the magnetoresistive stripe, and planarizing the shared pole
     layer. Thereafter, a top pole layer is formed above the shared pole layer.
     Together, the shared and top pole layers form the write element. Because
     the shared pole layer is planarized, the gap portion of the write element
     between the shared and top pole layers is flat. Because of this, improved
     recording density can be achieved."
"Magnetoresistive, MR, heads and giant magnetoresistive, GMR, heads are used
     in hard disk drive storage systems. The heads have a pinned layer whose
     magnetic orientation, if incorrect, gives rise to data read errors. A
     pinned layer reset method and circuit is provided to restore the magnetic
     orientation of the pinned layer by applying a reset pulse to the MR head.
     The circuit employs the existing low frequency cutoff capacitor in the
     initial amplification stage of the preamplifier to charge the magnitude of
     the reset pulse. The magnitude of the pulse is programmable by selecting
     bits in the existing write current digital to analog converter. The head
     select input transistor applies the pulse to the MR head. The pulse width
     is programmable as is the discharge rate. The settling value of the pulse
     is determined by the existing read current digital to analog converter
     value. The method of the invention is applicable to preamplifiers designed
     as current bias preamplifiers and to preamplifiers designed as voltage
     bias amplifiers."
"The present invention relates to circuitry for processing an analog read
     signal, such as a signal produced by a magnetoresistive head, in a
     magnetic data storage system. The circuitry processes the analog signal
     before the signal reaches the detector which converts the analog signal
     into a digital signal representative of the data originally stored on the
     magnetic medium. In one embodiment, the invention comprises circuitry for
     equalizing the amplitudes of the positive and negative pulses in the
     analog read signal. In another embodiment, the invention comprises
     circuitry for reducing the baseline shift of the analog read signal. The
     invention may be used in magnetic data storage systems using any
     conventional data detection method."
"Rotation of a rotating object such as a toothed rotor is detected based on
     put potentials of a bridge circuit having four magnetoresistive elements.
     The bridge circuit formed on an integrated circuit chip is positioned in a
     biasing magnetic field generated by a magnet disposed at a vicinity of the
     toothed rotor. A pair of magnetoresistive elements form a first circuit in
     the bridge while the others pairs forms a second circuit. To cancel
     influence of magnetostrictive effects due to an external force imposed on
     the integrated circuit chip, the first and second circuits in the bridge
     are positioned symmetrically to each other with respect to a center line
     of the biasing magnetic field."
"A magnetic element which has a laminate film composed of
     ferromagnetic-dielectric mixed layer and dielectric layer laminated
     alternately, said ferromagnetic-dielectric mixed layer being a mixture of
     a ferromagnetic material having coercive force and a dielectric material,
     with the volume of the former being equal to or larger than that of the
     latter. The ferromagnetic-dielectric mixed layer 3 has the ferromagnetic
     layer 1 which is arranged close thereto with a dielectric layer interposed
     between them. Tunnel current flows between the ferromagnetic-dielectric
     mixed layer. The magnetic layer with a smaller coercive force has its spin
     switched so that the magnetoresistance effect is produced. The magnetic
     element having a ferromagnetic tunnel junction is designed such that the
     rate of change in magnetoresistance increases and the resistance of the
     element decreases and the rate of change in magnetoresistance varies less
     depending on voltage."
"A recording-reproducing magnetic head comprising a magnetoresistance effect
     reproducing head and an inductive recording head. The magnetoresistance
     effect reproducing head having a magnetoresistance effect element and the
     inductive recording head having a lower magnetic core, an upper magnetic
     core, coils sandwiched between the lower and upper magnetic cores at their
     mid-parts, and a recording magnetic cores at leading end parts. The
     leading end parts of the lower and upper magnetic cores having a
     protruding part protruding to the recording magnetic gap layer and the
     upper magnetic core having a continuous magnetic body which extends from
     the protruding part to the mid-part. A center line of the protruding part
     of the lower magnetic core, which extends in a track length direction on a
     surface opposite a medium, intersecting the protruding part of the upper
     magnetic core."
"An interactive magnetic resonance (MR) imaging system includes a MR imaging
     device, a network coupling the MR imaging device and a remote facility, an
     operator interface coupled to the MR imaging device and the network, a
     memory coupled to the MR imaging device, and a sequence controller coupled
     to the memory. The MR imaging device is configured to acquire and
     reconstruct MR data in real-time of a current imaging section and display
     a MR image in real-time of the current imaging section. The network
     provides remote services to the MR imaging device. The operator interface
     permits an operator to select from a plurality of image contrast
     mechanisms. The memory stores a plurality of image contrast waveform
     segments and at least one imaging waveform segment. Each of the plurality
     of image contrast waveform segments and the at least one imaging waveform
     segment is distinctly addressable such that each waveform segment can be
     independently accessed from the memory. The sequence controller
     dynamically links the selected image contrast waveform segments and one
     imaging waveform segment, causing the MR imaging device to acquire a new
     image with the selected waveform segment mechanisms."
"A double-tube shock absorber includes an outer cylinder having a first
     working chamber, an inner cylinder located inside the first working
     chamber and having a second working chamber, a first piston movably
     inserted into the first working chamber and a second piston having a coil
     and movably inserted into the second working chamber. The first and the
     second working chamber are filled with a hydraulic fluid and a
     magnetorheological (MR) fluid, respectively. The first and the second
     piston have one or more orifices, respectively. The double-tube shock
     absorber further includes one or more first piston rods for leading the
     first piston in a reciprocating motion and a second piston rod for leading
     the second piston in a reciprocating motion. The double-tube shock
     absorber can sensitively respond to the impulse applied thereto by using
     the hydraulic fluid having relatively low viscosity and, at the same time,
     can modulate the damping force by using the MR fluid having changeable
     viscosity."
"A magneto-resistive read head having a ""parasitic shield"" in a data storage
     system provides an alternative path for currents associated with
     sparkovers, thus preventing such currents from damaging the read head. The
     parasitic shield is provided in close proximity to a conventional magnetic
     shield. The electrical potential of parasitic shield is held essentially
     equal to the electrical potential of the sensor element. If charges
     accumulate on the conventional shield, current will flow to the parasitic
     shield at a lower potential than would be required for current to flow
     between the conventional shield and the sensor element. Alternatively,
     conductive spark gap devices are electrically coupled to sensor element
     leads and to each magnetic shield. Each spark gap device is brought within
     very close proximity of the substrate to provide an alternative path for
     charge that builds up between the sensor element and the substrate to be
     discharged. The ends of the spark gaps that are brought into close
     proximity of the substrate are preferably configured with high electric
     field density inducing structures which reduce the voltage required to
     cause a sparkover between the spark gap device and the substrate."
"A method and apparatus for providing predictive failure analysis using the
     resistance of a sensor such as a MR, GMR, spin valve or wear sensor. A
     baseline measurement of resistance for at least one sensor of a disk drive
     is obtained, subsequent measurements of resistance for the at least one
     sensor of a disk drive are periodically obtained and the subsequent
     measurements and the baseline measurement to identify a detrimental change
     to the at least one sensor are processed. The processing further includes
     comparing a subsequent resistance measurement for the at least one sensor
     to the baseline measurement of resistance for the at least one sensor to
     detect a head/disk interface problem and flagging the file for corrective
     action when the head/disk interface problem is detected. Alternatively,
     the processing further includes determining a change in stripe height
     based upon the difference between the baseline measurement of resistance
     and the subsequent measurement of resistance."
"A magnetic tunnel junction device has a tunnel barrier made of a material
     consisting essentially of an oxide or nitride of one or more of gallium
     and indium. An oxide or nitride of aluminum may be included as part of
     this tunnel barrier material. In one embodiment the tunnel barrier is an
     oxide of a gallium-aluminum alloy (Ga.sub.75 Al.sub.25). The Ga oxide
     tunnel barrier may be formed by sputter deposition of Ga, followed by a
     plasma oxidation, or by depositing Ga from an effusion source in the
     presence of oxygen gas or in the presence of more reactive oxygen provided
     by an atomic oxygen source or other source. The tunnel barrier layer may
     also be formed as a bi-layer structure with an aluminum oxide layer formed
     directly on one of the ferromagnetic layers of the device, followed by a
     gallium oxide layer formed directly on the aluminum oxide layer. By
     appropriate selection of the amounts of gallium and or aluminum, or the
     thicknesses of the aluminum oxide and gallium oxide in the bi-layer
     structure, the tunnel barrier energy height can be tuned to a selected
     value. The magnetic tunnel junction devices made with the improved tunnel
     barrier material show a substantially reduced tunnel barrier energy height
     (and thus lower resistance-area values) compared to conventional devices
     using aluminum oxide tunnel barriers, without a reduction in
     magnetoresistance."
"The invention is directed to the use of electrochemical deposition to
     fabricate thin films of a material (e.g., bismuth) exhibiting a superior
     magnetoresistive effect. The process in accordance with a preferred
     embodiment produces a thin film of bismuth with reduced
     polycrystallinization and allows for the production of single crystalline
     thin films. Fabrication of a bismuth thin film in accordance with a
     preferred embodiment of the invention includes deposition of a bismuth
     layer onto a substrate using electrochemical deposition under relatively
     constant current density. Preferably, the resulting product is
     subsequently exposed to an annealing stage for the formation of a single
     crystal bismuth thin film. The inclusion of these two stages in the
     process produces a thin film exhibiting superior MR with a simple field
     dependence in the process suitable for a variety of field sensing
     applications."
"According to the present invention, there is provided a method of forming a
     magneto-resistance thin film in which a single unit layer of an Ni--Fe
     alloy thin film layer or a superlattice thin film layer of Ni and Fe is
     formed as a unit layer or a plurality of the unit layers are laminated by
     sputtering Ni and Fe on a base material from an Ni target and an Fe target
     disposed separately while the Ni target and the Fe target are both being
     rotated relatively to the base material. Further, according to the present
     invention, the unit layer has a thickness of 10 .ANG. of smaller.
     Furthermore, according to the present invention, an amount of Ni in a
     composition of the whole of the magneto-resistance film formed of the
     Ni-Fe alloy thin film layer or the superlattice thin film layer of Ni and
     Fe is selected in a range of from 75 to 90 weight %. The present invention
     is to provide a method of forming an MR film in which an MR film of high
     magneto-resistance changing ratio and which has a small thickness can
     reliably and stably be obtained with excellent reproducibility and with
     high productivity."
"A process for resetting or initially establishing the magnetic orientation
     of one or more spin valves in a magnetoresistive read head with improved
     robustness. The spin valve includes subcomponents such as an
     antiferromagnetic layer, a ferromagnetic pinned layer, a conductive layer,
     a free layer, and a hard bias layer. A first external magnetic field is
     first applied to the spin valve sensor, this field having a first
     orientation relative to the spin valve sensor. During application of the
     first external magnetic field, a pulse of electrical current is directed
     through the spin valve sensor in a first direction, preferably parallel to
     the magnetic orientation of the external field. The current waveform
     brings the antiferromagnetic layer of the spin valve past its blocking
     temperature, freeing its magnetic orientation. The first external field
     exerts a robust bias upon the antiferromagnetic layer in the desired
     direction. Depending upon its flow direction, the current pulse may
     contribute an internal magnetic field that cooperates in magnetically
     biasing the antiferromagnetic layer as desired. After the current pulse,
     the antiferromagnetic layer cools below its blocking temperature,
     retaining the desired biasing. After the first external field is removed,
     and a second external magnetic field may be applied to the spin valve
     sensor for a predetermined time. The second external field is oriented to
     magnetically direct the hard bias layer of the sensor, thereby
     establishing the quiescent magnetization of the sensor's ferromagnetic
     free layer."
"A system for calibrating an electronic compass for a vehicle of the type
     employing a Forward and Lateral magnetoresistive magnetic field sensor. As
     the vehicle changes headings, the system periodically samples and
     digitally stores the peaks of the sensor outputs. When the stored peaks
     indicate a minimum change in the output of the sensors, the system
     microcomputer calculates a ""box"" surrounding the subscribed arc of heading
     changes and computes the center of the ""box"" as the center of the locus of
     anticipated peaks for all quadrants and shifts the locus (i.e., ""box"") to
     be within the domain of the A/D converter to prevent saturation, which
     could otherwise occur in the presence of strong remnant magnetic fields in
     the vehicle. The ""box"" is updated with each sampling of sensor outputs
     until the vehicle is eventually headed through all four cardinal compass
     headings, and the compass is then considered to be fully modeled in the
     microcomputer."
"A data storage system includes a storage medium having a data surface with
     data storage thereon, the stored data comprises variations in magnetic
     fields across the data surface. A magnetoresistive sensor exhibits both
     giant magnetoresistive (GMR) and anisotropic magnetoresistive (AMR)
     effects which are used to read back the stored data."
"Apparatus and method for simultaneously biasing multiple magneto-resistive
     read elements in a disc drive head/disc assembly. A preamplifier circuit
     sequentially applies read bias currents to successive pairs of heads of
     the head/disc assembly, wherein the read bias current applied to a
     selected one of each pair of the heads is used to transduce the servo data
     from the associated disc recording surface, and the read bias current
     applied to the remaining one of each pair of the heads is used to prepare
     the remaining one of each pair of the heads to subsequently transduce the
     servo data from the associated disc recording surface. The preamplifier
     circuit includes at least first and second read bias current sources and a
     head selection circuit."
"High density, multi-layer, magneto-optical (HDMMO) information storage and
     retrieval media having improved tribological properties when used in
     high-density storage devices employing very small head flying heights are
     formed by providing an ultra-thin, protective flash layer overcoat
     (FLO)/lubricant topcoat layer system over the surface of a HDMO medium
     comprising a metal superlattice. Embodiments of the present invention
     include forming the FLO layer of an amorphous, abrasion-resistant,
     carbon-based, diamond-like material not greater than about 10 .ANG. thick
     and selected from CN.sub.x, CH.sub.x, and CN.sub.x H.sub.y, and providing
     the lubricant topcoat on the FLO layer as an about 15-25 .ANG. thick layer
     of a fluoropolyether or perfluoropolyether material, e.g.,
     perfluoropolyethylene (PFPE)."
"The apparatus of the present invention is embodied in a magnetic field
     sensor having a magnetoresistive element, a magnetic bias layer for
     biasing the magnetoresistive element with a magnetic field, and an
     electrical insulator positioned between the magnetic bias layer and the
     magnetoresistive element. The insulator prevents the flow of electrical
     current between the magnetoresistive element and the magnetic bias layer
     and at least a portion of the insulator allows passage of the magnetic
     field from the magnetic bias layer to the magnetoresistive element such
     that the magnetoresistive element is biased. The method of the present
     invention is embodied in a method for fabricating a magnetic field sensor
     having the steps of forming a magnetoresistive element, forming a lower
     insulator with a main section and an end section over at least a portion
     of the magnetoresistive element, forming a magnetic bias layer over the
     main section of the lower insulator, and forming an upper insulator over
     the magnetic bias layer and over the end section of the lower insulator,
     such that the magnetic bias layer is electrically insulated from the
     magnetoresistive element."
"Mesoscopic magnetic field sensors which can detect weak magnetic fields
     (typically 0.05 Tesla) over areas as small as tens of thousands of square
     nanometers (e.g. 40 nm.times.400 nm). The combination of enhanced
     magneto-resistance in an inhomogeneous high mobility semiconductor, having
     special electrode arrangements, with the use of island lithography,
     enables the production of special semiconductor/metal nano-composite
     structures, and has made possible the fabrication of an entirely new type
     of magnetic field sensor which exhibits very superior magneto-resistive
     behavior."
"A magnetoresistive film through which a sense current for detecting a
     resistance change due to a magnetic field to be detected flows in a
     longitudinal direction, and a lateral bias film which is magnetized in a
     fixed direction by a constant magnitude such that a lateral bias is
     applied to said magnetoresistive film in a lateral direction intersecting
     said longitudinal direction are arranged to be opposed to each other via a
     magnetic isolation film. By conducting said sense current by means of a
     pair of lead conductive films coupled electrically to both edges of said
     magnetoresistive film, a magnetization recorded on a magnetic record
     medium can be detected. Since the lateral bias is applied to the
     magnetoresistive film such that the lateral bias is not affected by the
     sense current and external magnetic fields, the magnetization of the
     magnetic record medium can be stably detected without being influenced by
     the sense current and external magnetic fields. Said lateral bias film is
     preferably provided to extend beyond both edges of the magnetoresistive
     film viewed in the longitudinal direction."
"PtMn films are used as antiferromagnetic layers of a dual spin-valve type
     magnetoresistive sensor. An exchange anisotropic magnetic field is
     achieved regardless of whether the PtMn film is formed over or under the
     pinned magnetic layer. Also, an effective exchange anisotropic magnetic
     field is produced even with heat treatment at a relatively low
     temperature. Alternatively, a PtMn film is used as an antiferromagnetic
     layer of a spin-valve film laminate. The use of a PtMn film enables a
     sufficient exchange anisotropic magnetic field to be produced even with a
     relatively low heat treatment temperature and a relatively small film
     thickness. Therefore, the number of total layers of the spin-valve film
     laminate can be increased to increase a magnetoresistance ratio, and a
     total thickness of the spin-valve film laminate can be made relatively
     small."
"A system for quantitative computer graphic determination of positions on a
     patient's anatomy and positions on associated equipment located near the
     patient's anatomy in relation to anatomical data, as from CT or MR
     scanning. A first camera produces a quantitative electronic readout of its
     field-of-view which provides a determination of relative spacial
     coordinates of uniquely identifiable points in its field-of-view. A second
     camera produces a quantitative electronic readout of its field-of-view
     which provides a determination of relative spacial coordinates of uniquely
     identifiable points in its field-of-view. The two cameras are located with
     respect to the patient's anatomy and the associated equipment so that the
     fields-of-view of the cameras include both the patient's anatomy and the
     equipment, but are taken from different directions. A body marker is
     positioned with respect to the patient's anatomy at a known position
     relative to said patient anatomy. The body marker has known coordinates in
     a stereotactic coordinate system that is established relative to the
     patient's anatomy so that the coordinates of all identifiable points in
     the fields of view of the two cameras can be determined relative to the
     stereotactic coordinate system and related to imaging data."
"A method and apparatus for providing a high-quality representation of a
     volume having a real-time 3-D reconstruction therein of movement of an
     object, wherein the real-time movement of the object is determined using a
     lower-quality representation of only a portion of the volume. The merger
     of 3-D angiography image representations acquired with other modalities,
     such as MR or CT, is disclosed. MR or CT modality images are registered
     with the 3-D Angiography data, such that those other images are brought
     into the same coordinate frame as the 3-D Angiography images. Movement of
     the object is detected in a 2-D X-ray fluoroscopy image and is
     reconstructed in a 3-D mode."
"A memory cell configuration has word lines and bit lines running
     transversely with respect thereto. Memory elements with a magnetoresistive
     effect are respectively connected between one of the word lines and one of
     the bit lines. The memory elements are disposed in at least two layers one
     above the other."
"A magneto-resistive sensor has a magneto-resistive element with an active
     area with an electrical resistance sensitive to changes in magnetic flux.
     Two hard magnets on opposing sides of the magneto-resistive element
     magnetically bias the magneto-resistive element. Each hard magnet includes
     a seed layer of a soft magnetic, electrically conductive material between
     two magnet layers of a hard magnetic, electrically conductive material
     laminated longitudinally together such that the seed layer and the magnet
     layers exhibit unified magnetic properties. The seed layer is preferably
     an amorphous material such as nitrided sendust. The laminated structure
     allows for a thicker magnet structure with low electrical resistance but
     without degradation of magnetic properties due to the increased thickness."
"The invention provides continuing shunt protection of wireless suspension
     assemblies with a shunt structure that is readily attached to and detached
     from the contact pads or other exposed areas of the conductive traces of
     the flexible conductive laminate portion of the wireless suspension for
     use as needed to protect the MR and GMR elements/heads. The shunt
     structure comprises a conductive web to connect the conductive traces in
     parallel, and adhesive allowing the separable attachment of the web to the
     traces. The metal or metal deposited conductive web has varying geometries
     of conductive areas and adhesive areas to allow conductive web attachment
     to the proximate contact pads of the suspension, to be removed during
     testing and left on during assembly and between tests to nearly
     continually protect the head magnetoresistive element, or, to provide
     continuous ESD protection for the MR and GMR element attached to a
     flexible conductive circuit, to allow conductive web attachment to the
     traces beyond the contact pads such that the web is left in place during
     suspension assembly, during testing and between tests."
"A thin film magnetic head is able to control occurrence of Barkhausen
     noises attributable to configuration magnetic anisotropy of an upper
     shield layer. An inductive head is provided with a magnetic material layer
     having a space for forming a coil layer thereon. A very narrow gap is
     provided between a front separate layer that opposes a magnetic recording
     medium and a rear separate layer that opposes the front separate layer.
     The front separate layer serves also as an upper shield layer of an MR
     head and a lower core layer of the inductive head."
"A circuit (50,100,1 12,1 30) for detecting a fault in a magneto-resistive
     head (18) includes a transconductance amplifier (52) having an input
     across which the head (18) is connected. A circuit (130) for determining a
     ratio of a current in the head, I .sub.VMR, to a variable control current,
     I.sub.1, is applied to maintain a substantially constant voltage at an
     output of the transconductance amplifier (52). The current, I.sub.VMR, in
     the head is a function of the variable control current, I.sub.1, The
     circuit for determining a ratio of a current, I.sub.VMR, flowing in the
     head (18) to the variable control current, I.sub.1, comprises first (112)
     and (100) second current mirrors, the first current mirror (112) mirroring
     the current flowing in the head (18), and the second current mirror (101)
     mirroring the variable control current, I.sub.1, Circuitry (132,135) is
     provided that triggers fault indicating output signals if the ratio falls
     outside a predetermined range."
"A magnetoresistive element includes a pinned layer, free layer and
     non-magnetic spacer film between them. The pinned layer is made up of a
     first ferromagnetic metal layer, first non-metal layer on the first
     ferromagnetic metal layer, second non-metal layer on the first non-metal
     layer and different in composition from the first non-metal layer, and
     second ferromagnetic metal layer on the second non-metal layer. Thus, the
     magnetoresistive element, which may be used in a magnetic head of a
     magnetic recording apparatus, ensures a good bias property of the pinned
     film while maintaining a large MR changing rate of a specular spin valve
     structure, and it is simultaneously improved in soft magnetic property."
"Interference-free coil systems are coil systems having at least two coils
     which are identical in terms of inductance. These coils are arranged such
     that their magnetic fields are antiparallel to one another. Consequently,
     induced voltages within the coils are substantially eliminated when the
     coils are exposed to a homogeneous electromagnetic field. If exposed to an
     nonhomogeneous electromagnetic field, however, a net voltage is induced
     and enables the extraction of data and power. Reed switch configurations
     in the implantable prostheses protect against induced voltages caused by
     the radio frequency field generated by an MR imager when the reed switches
     are mounted parallel to the plane of a receiver. Reed switch configuration
     may be used to disconnect, de-tune, or short circuit a receiver. For
     example, they may be used to disconnect the receiver diodes. Some magnet
     configurations reduce torque caused by an external magnetic field and
     prevent demagnetization when disposed within, outside, or partially within
     an implantable prosthesis. Magnets which align with the external magnetic
     field also reduce the torque caused by the field and prevent
     demagnetization."
"A spin-valve type magnetoresistive thin film head is provided with a
     spin-valve type magnetoresistive thin film element which includes a free
     magnetic layer; an upper nonmagnetic electrically-conductive layer and a
     lower nonmagnetic electrically-conductive layer sandwiching the free
     magnetic layer; an upper pinned magnetic layer and a lower pinned magnetic
     layer formed on the upper and lower nonmagnetic electrically-conductive
     layers, respectively, the magnetization directions of the upper and lower
     pinned magnetic layers being fixed; and an upper antiferromagnetic layer
     and a lower antiferromagnetic layer formed on the upper and lower pinned
     magnetic layers, respectively; in which a sensing electric current is
     applied in the direction perpendicular to the fixed magnetization of the
     pinned magnetic layers, and electrical resistance changes in response to
     the relationship between the fixed magnetization of the pinned magnetic
     layers and the variable magnetization of the free magnetic layer."
"A sensor for facilitating the measurement of temperature and magnetic field
     is described. The sensor comprises an optical cable having a distal end
     encompassed in a sheath of giant magnetoresistive material. Temperature
     changes alter the spectrum emissivity of the giant magnetoresistive
     material. Magnetic field changes alter the spectrum changes that occur
     from distorting the optical fiber that occur when the giant
     magnetoresistive material distorts the optical fiber."
"A method of accurately emulating any desired tooth/slot format of a desired
     target wheel from a predetermined tooth/slot arrangement of a rotating
     actual target wheel used in conjunction with an MR position sensor. The
     passage of two sequential slots of differing widths or two sequential
     teeth of differing widths of the actual target wheel determine the rising
     and falling edge of one tooth of the desired target wheel and define one
     tooth and one slot of the desired target wheel. The actual target wheel,
     has, preferably, 2n teeth and 2n slots of two distinct sequential widths
     whereby the desired target wheel is emulated to have n teeth and n slots.
     The two MRs of the position sensor are aligned in the circumferential
     direction of the actual target wheel so as to generate two angularly
     offset signals (first and second voltages, respectively) from the passage
     of a single slot of the actual target wheel. The offset signals are input
     to a signal conditioning circuit. Within the signal conditioning circuit,
     the two sensor signals (first and second voltages) are differentially
     amplified to produce a differential signal whereby the width of the slot
     is used to encode a binary position voltage, high or low. The two distinct
     sequential slot/tooth widths of the actual target wheel are used to
     identify a tooth edge of the desired target wheel as rising or falling
     and, hence, define the teeth and slots of the desired target wheel.
     Alternatively, the present invention could be implemented with width
     encoded teeth instead of width encoded slots."
"A magnetoresistive element comprising a magnetic sensitive film responding
     to a magnetic field applied from the outside and a magnetic domain control
     film applying a bias magnetic field to said magnetic sensitive film in the
     longitudinal direction in which a sense current flows, wherein in case of
     assuming that the minimum magnetical thickness of said magnetic domain
     control film determined in consideration of the minimum magnetic field
     Hmin required for operation, of a longitudinal bias magnetic field applied
     to said magnetic sensitive film is .alpha. (gauss-.mu.m), the magnetical
     thickness x (gauss-.mu.m) of the magnetic sensitive film given by the
     product of the remnant magnetization Br1 (gauss) of said magnetic
     sensitive film and its film thickness THx (.mu.m), and the magnetical
     thickness y (gauss-.mu.m) of the magnetic domain control film given by the
     product of the film thickness THy (.mu.m) of said magnetic domain control
     film and its remnant magnetization Br2 (gauss) are set so as to meet
     ""y=-2x+.alpha."". And it is preferable that the relation between the
     magnetical thickness x (gauss-.mu.m) of said magnetic sensitive film and
     the magnetical thickness y (gauss-.mu.m) of said magnetic domain control
     film are set so as to meet almost ""y=-2x+.alpha."" or
     ""-2x+1.1.alpha.&gt;=y&gt;=-2x+0.9.alpha.""."
"The present invention relates to a magneto-resistive tunnel junction head
     having a tunnel multilayered film composed of a tunnel barrier layer, and
     a ferromagnetic free layer and a ferromagnetic pinned layer formed to
     sandwich the tunnel barrier layer therebetween, wherein the ferromagnetic
     free layer comprises, in an integral fashion, a free layer main portion
     substantially constituting a part of the tunnel multilayered film, a front
     flux guide portion extending on a front side of the free layer main
     portion, and a back flux guide portion extending on a back side thereof,
     wherein the front flux guide portion constitutes a part of an ABS (Air
     Bearing Surface), and wherein a width-direction length Lm of the free
     layer main portion is set greater than a width-direction length Lf of the
     front flux guide portion and a width-direction length Lb of the back flux
     guide portion. Thus, there can be provided a magneto-resistive tunnel
     junction head with improved head performance, in particular, which is
     excellent in corrosion resistance and can achieve a high and stable head
     output for adaptation to the ultrahigh density recording using an improved
     longitudinal bias."
"A magnetoresistive read sensor has amagnetoresistive element, first and
     second bias elements, first and second current guides, and first and
     second overlaid leads. The magnetoresistive element has a center region
     and end regions separated by the center region. The first and second bias
     elements are positioned on the end regions of the magnetoresistive
     element. The first and second current guides are positioned on respective
     first and second bias elements. Each of the first and second current
     guides extends a guide overlay distance onto the center region of
     magnetoresistive element. The first and second overlaid leads are
     positioned on respective first and second current guides. Each of the
     first and second overlaid leads extends a lead-insulator offset distance
     onto the center region of the magnetoresistive element. The first and
     second overlaid leads are separated by a lead separation distance."
"A read element for a tape drive system is disclosed. The read element
     generally comprises a magneto-resistive sensor electrically coupled to
     first and second leads and at least one electrically conductive magnetic
     shield proximate the magneto-resistive element. A resistor is electrically
     connected to the conductive magnetic shield and to one or more of the
     first and second leads. The resistor is disposed between the first and
     second leads. The resistor continuously discharges electric charge that
     builds up on the conductive magnetic shield. The resistor typically has a
     resistance that is large enough to protect against noise due electrical
     shorting of the conductive magnetic shield and small enough to prevent a
     build-up of electric charge on the shield."
"Height setting processing performed while measuring DC resistance of a
     monitor element formed on a substrate causes smearing (sag) in shielding
     layers formed above and below the monitor element with gap layers held
     therebetween, causing a short circuit between the monitor element and the
     shielding layers due to smearing. A recessed portion is formed in a lower
     shielding layer formed on the substrate, and an insulating layer is formed
     in the recessed portion. The monitor element is formed on the insulating
     layer with a lower gap layer formed therebetween. The formation of the
     insulating layer increases the distance between the monitor element and
     the lower shielding layer, thereby preventing electrical connection even
     when smearing occurs in the lower shielding layer. Alternatively, the
     monitor element is formed on the substrate with the lower gap layer formed
     therebetween, and the lower shielding layer formed below magnetoresistive
     elements is not formed below the monitor element. This prevents electrical
     connection between the lower shielding layer and the monitor element due
     to smearing, thereby preventing a short circuit in the monitor element
     during height setting processing."
"A device and method for sensing the status of a non-volatile magnetic
     latch. A cross-coupled inverter pair latch cell is employed for the data
     sensing. During the `Sense` cycles, the inputs to the latch cell are from
     spin dependent tunneling effect devices, each located in its respective
     inverter pair. The SDT magneto-resistive storage devices have
     complimentary resistance states written into them. A switch, connected to
     the inverter pairs, is used to reset and initiate a regenerative sequence.
     Whenever the switch is turned on (reset) and off (regenerate), the latch
     cell will sense a potential imbalance generated by the magneto-resistive
     storage devices with complimentary resistance. During regeneration, the
     imbalance will be amplified and eventually the inverter pairs will reach a
     logic high or logic low state. The latch can be used as a memory circuit,
     however, upon loss of power the memory is retained. The state of the
     circuit is retained inside of SDT components. On-chip current lines are
     used to control the states of the components."
"Apparatus and method for servo writing with simultaneous biasing of
     multiple magneto-resistive read elements in a disc drive head/disc
     assembly. A preamplifier circuit sequentially applies read bias currents
     to successive pairs of heads of the head/disc assembly, wherein the read
     bias current applied to a selected one of each pair of the heads is used
     to transduce the servo data from the associated disc recording surface,
     and the read bias current applied to the remaining one of each pair of the
     heads is used to prepare the remaining one of each pair of the heads to
     subsequently transduce the servo data from the associated disc recording
     surface. The preamplifier circuit includes at least first and second read
     bias current sources and a head selection circuit."
"In a magnetic random access memory circuit, the potential of all sense
     lines 121 to 124 are equalized, and the potential of all not-selected word
     lines 133, 135, 136 are equalized and the selected word line 134 is
     grounded so that a previously charged capacitor 114 is discharged by a
     current path passing from the capacitor 114 through a MOS transistor 118
     maintaining the potential of the sense line 122 at a constant voltage
     lower than a break voltage, through the selected sense line 122, through
     the selected magneto-resistive element 142 and through the selected word
     line 134. Thus, a voltage applied to the magneto-resistive element is
     maintained at a level smaller than a voltage breaking the
     magneto-resistive elements or a voltage remarkably deteriorating the
     characteristics of the magneto-resistive elements because of a biasing
     effect when the tunnel magneto-resistive element is used, and on the other
     hand, a high precise and high speed reading can be realized."
"An MR (magnetoresistive) effect element includes a free magnetic layer
     having a small coercive force and therefore reduces the hysteresis of the
     R-H loop. The magneoresistive element includes a silicon and/or a
     diffusion control layer. An MR effect sensor and an MR sensing system
     using the above MR effect element and featuring a desirable noise
     characteristic are also disclosed."
"A preamplifier for an MR element having first and second ends includes
     first and second feedback loops controlling the biasing of the MR element.
     The first feedback loop responds to a center voltage of the MR element to
     control a current source coupled to the first end of the MR element, and
     the second feedback loop responds to an output voltage across the MR
     element to control a current sink coupled to the second end of the MR
     element. In one embodiment, the preamplifier includes a multiplexer
     coupled between first and second MR elements and the first and second
     feedback loops. The multiplexer electrically isolates the first and second
     MR elements to improve common-mode rejection and feedback performance of
     the preamplifier."
"A magnetic field sensing structure for sensing magnetic field changes
     provided therein having a pair of pole structures with a gap space between
     them that each include permeable material and end in substantially a
     common surface. A plurality of field sensing structures is positioned
     successively in the gap space to be supported between the pole structures
     with each having an end thereof substantially the common surface. These
     sensing structures are formed of a plurality of magnetoresistive,
     anisotropic, ferromagnetic thin-film layers at least two of which are
     separated from one another by a nonmagnetic, electrically conductive layer
     positioned between them. They are electrically connected to one another
     adjacent the common surface, and may be electrically connected to one of
     the pole structures."
"A current which will change an initial magnetization state of a shield
     layer for a MR element is applied to an inductive element, and output
     characteristics of the MR element is measured."
"A synthetic-type spin-valve MR sensor having a pinned magnetic layer with a
     multi-layer film structure. In one embodiment, on a substrate are formed
     by layering a free magnetic layer, a pinned magnetic layer including first
     and second ferromagnetic films, which are mutually coupled
     antiferromagnetically and which enclose a nonmagnetic coupling film. A
     nonmagnetic conductive layer is enclosed between these two magnetic
     layers. An antiferromagnetic layer neighbors the pinned magnetic layer.
     The first ferromagnetic film neighboring the antiferromagnetic layer is
     formed from a high-resistivity Co-base material. By making the products of
     the saturation magnetization and the film thickness of the first
     ferromagnetic layer and the second ferromagnetic layer substantially
     equal, the apparent magnetic moment of the pinned magnetic layer as a
     whole is zero, and the magnetostatic action on the free magnetic layer is
     eliminated or reduced. Shunting of the sense current to the first
     ferromagnetic film is suppressed, and a high rate of magnetoresistive
     change is obtained."
"A giant magnetoresistive material film includes at least two ferromagnetic
     layers of a NiFe alloy or NiFeCo alloy, which are formed on a substrate
     through a nonmagnetic layer of Au, Ag, Cu or Cr, wherein magnetization of
     at lest one of the ferromagnetic layers is pinned by a coercive force
     increasing layer of .alpha.-Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3 provided adjacent thereto and
     having a thickness of 200 to 1000 .ANG. so as to increase coercive force
     of the ferromagnetic layer, and the other ferromagnetic layer has free
     magnetization so as to produce a change in resistance at a low magnetic
     field. The present invention also provides a method of producing the giant
     magnetoresistive material film and a magnetic head provided with the giant
     magnetoresistive material film."
"A merged MR head is formed by sequentially stacking a lower shield, a lower
     shield gap, a magnetoresistive (MR) element, an upper shield gap, a lower
     magnetic pole/upper shield, a recording gap layer, a coil, a coil
     insulating layer, and an upper magnetic pole on a side surface of a
     trailing edge of a floating slider having an air bearing surface. This
     merged MR head includes a pedestal which is formed on a portion on the
     lower magnetic pole/upper shield, including the air bearing surface, to
     have a width larger than that of the upper magnetic pole. The upper
     magnetic pole is stacked on the pedestal through the recording gap layer.
     A sidewall of the pedestal in the vicinity of the air bearing surface has
     a notch which is obtained by forming a plane where a sidewall of the upper
     magnetic pole is present. A method of manufacturing this merged MR head is
     also disclosed."
"The circuit in accordance with the present invention monitors current
     signals between the preamplifier and the transducer in a data storage
     device such as a disc drive utilizing magnetoresistive transducers and/or
     giant magnetoresistive transducers. The detector circuit includes an
     amplitude section, a duration section, a frequency section, and an alarm
     section. The amplitude section has a comparator for detecting when a
     signal exceeds a predetermined voltage level. The duration section
     measures the time period that the comparator has an output signal. The
     frequency section measures the frequency of occurrence of comparator
     output signals. Each of the sections provides an input to the alarm
     section which provides an alarm signal condition if the amplitude section
     magnitude is too high, or the duration times amplitude is too high, or the
     frequency of occurrences of events is too high."
"A magnetic sensor is constructed to be capable of detecting the change of
     tunnel current due to co-tunneling effect at a high S/N ratio by using a
     tunneling magneto-resistive element having a first magnetic layer of a
     soft magnetic material formed on a flat substrate, first and second tunnel
     barrier layers formed on the first magnetic layer, magnetic particles of a
     ferromagnetic material provided between the first and second tunnel
     barrier layers, and a second magnetic layer of a soft magnetic material
     formed on the second tunnel barrier layer so as to create tunneling
     junctions."
"A method for manufacturing a GMR bridge detector as well as the bridge
     detector itself in which magnetoresistive resistors are interconnected in
     the form of a bridge to detect a magnetic field. The resistors consist of
     a material that exhibits the giant magnetoresistive ratio (GMR) effect.
     The magnetoresistive sensitivity of the individual resistors is produced
     through annealing. The annealing of the resistors takes place through
     selective feeding of a current that is sufficient for reaching the
     temperature required for annealing into the bridge connections. Depending
     on the wiring of the bridge connections, the resistors are provided with
     the property necessary for the GMR effect either singly or in pairs. As
     the material for the resistors, in particular, a material of the class of
     discontinuous multilayer materials, particularly NiFe/Ag, is used in which
     the GMR property is produced through single annealing at a specific
     temperature."
"A gradiometer for measuring properties of a magnetic field and in
     particular, for measuring magnetic field gradient components, comprising
     at least two magnetic sensors wherein at least two of the magnetic sensors
     are arranged to sense the magnetic field component in substantially the
     same direction. The magnetic sensors may be super conducting quantum
     interference device (SQUID) magnetometers, Hall probes, flux gates or
     magneto-resistive magnetometers. The gradiometer also includes a computer
     processor loaded with an adaptive signal-processing algorithm, for
     performing adaptive signal balancing of the magnetometer outputs. In a
     preferred embodiment the gradiometer may comprise at least eight
     magnetometers in a three-dimensional arrangement, and a set of three
     orthogonal global feedback coils, one for each direction x, y, z, such
     that the five independent magnetic field gradient components may be
     measured. The gradiometer may also be used to measure second or higher
     order magnetic field gradient components."
"Disclosed are a high-sensitivity and high-reliability magnetoresistance
     effect device (MR device) in which bias point designing is easy, and also
     a magnetic head, a magnetic head assembly and a magnetic
     recording/reproducing system incorporating the MR device. In the MR device
     incorporating a spin valve film, the magnetization direction of the free
     layer is at a certain angle to the magnetization direction of a second
     ferromagnetic layer therein when the applied magnetic field is zero. In
     this, the pinned magnetic layer comprises a pair of ferromagnetic films as
     antiferromagnetically coupled to each other via a coupling film existing
     therebetween. The device is provided with a means of keeping the
     magnetization direction of either one of the pair of ferromagnetic films
     constituting the pinned magnetic layer, and with a nonmagnetic
     high-conductivity layer as disposed adjacent to a first ferromagnetic
     layer on the side opposite to the side on which the first ferromagnetic
     layer is contacted with a nonmagnetic spacer layer. With that
     constitution, the device has extremely high sensitivity, and the bias
     point in the device is well controlled."
"A magnetoresistive effect type reproducing head is formed by stacking a
     lower magnetic shield made of magnetic material, a lower inter-layer
     insulation film, a magnetoresistive effect type element for detecting
     magnetic field by using a magnetoresistive effect, an upper inter-layer
     insulation film, and an upper magnetic shield made of magnetic material,
     on a substrate in this order, wherein a resistivity of at least one of the
     lower and upper magnetic shields is more than 200 .mu..OMEGA..multidot.cm."
"A direct access storage device (DASD) servo control system controls
     movement of a magneto-resistive (MR) read/write head in response to a
     readback signal generated when the MR head repeatedly passes adjacent
     multiple servo fields and data fields of the recording medium. The servo
     control system receives multiple data samples, detects a thermal asperity
     in the readback signal when the MR transducer is adjacent a servo field of
     the recording medium, determines that the servo field data samples
     affected by the thermal asperity are invalid due to possible data errors,
     and operates a servo demodulator in response to the servo field thermal
     asperity before the MR transducer is next adjacent the servo field. In a
     DASD with a rotating disk, for example, the thermal asperity response can
     be implemented before one revolution of the disk has been completed after
     the thermal asperity is encountered. This permits data samples that have
     been corrupted by the thermal asperity to be ignored from servo
     processing, thereby reducing the uncertainty in the servo information
     being processed. If desired, the response can be implemented before the
     next servo sector is encountered. In this way, the DASD more effectively
     utilizes storage system resources and, in particular, handles thermal
     asperities more efficiently."
"A semiconductor magnetoresistance device having plural pairs of opposed
     short-circuiting electrodes (13) on the opposed surfaces of a
     semiconductor magneto-sensitive layer (12) shows a great resistance change
     relative to a magnetic flux density."
"In a brushless DC motor comprising a stator provided with a plurality of
     coils, a rotor magnet magnetized so as to possess a plurality of magnetic
     poles and rotatably disposed as opposed to the coils of the stator, and a
     magnetic sensor which detects the magnetic poles of the rotor magnet, in
     which the electric current supplied to said coils of respective phases is
     controlled based on a detection signal from said magnetic sensor so that
     the rotor magnet is rotationally driven, the magnetic sensor comprises in
     combination a giant magnetoresistive element disposed as opposed to the
     rotor magnet and a magnet disposed on a rear side of the giant
     magnetoresistive element. The giant magnetoresistive element is formed of
     a magnetic particle dispersion type giant magnetoresistive material, an
     artificial lattice type giant magnetoresistive material, or a colossal
     magnetoresistive material."
"In a tunnel magnetoresistance effect element comprising a tunnel
     multilayered film on an under layer, the tunnel multilayered film has a
     tunnel barrier layer, a ferromagnetic free layer and a ferromagnetic
     pinned layer such that the tunnel barrier layer is held between the
     ferromagnetic free layer and the ferromagnetic pinned layer, wherein three
     indexes representing a surface roughness state of a surface, which faces
     the tunnel multilayered film, of the under layer are set such that Ra
     .ltoreq.0.5 nm, Rmax .ltoreq.5 nm and Rrms .ltoreq.0.55 nm, wherein Ra is
     one of the three indexes and represents the center line average roughness,
     Rmax is one of the three indexes and represents the maximum height, and
     Rrms is one of the three indexes and represents the standard deviation
     roughness. Thus, the tunnel magnetoresistance effect element exhibits
     improved characteristics, particularly, a large head output."
"Very low glide height magneto-optical (LGMO) information storage and
     retrieval media of near field recording (NFR) and mahnetic
     super-resolution (MSR) types having improved tribological properties when
     used in ultra-high density storage/retrieval devices employing very small
     head flying heights on the order of less than about 2 microinches are
     formed in a front surface magneto-optical (FSMO) configuration utilizing a
     substrate having at least one deposition surface subjected to a two-step,
     synergistic treatment comprising tape burnishing/wiping and photolytic
     treatment in an ozone-containing atmosphere, followed by deposition
     thereon of the MO layer stack. Enhanced wear and abrasion resistance at
     very low flying head heights is provided by an ultra-thin, protective
     flash layer overcoat (FLO)/lubricant topcoat layer system on the media
     surface. Embodiments of the present invention include single- and
     dual-sided MO media."
"The present invention provides a magneto-resistance effect (hereinafter,
     referred to as MR) type composite head. The head includes a reproduction
     head including an MR element arranged between a first and a second
     magnetic shield; and a recording head arranged next to the reproduction
     head so as to use the second magnetic shield as a first magnetic pole film
     and having a second magnetic pole film opposing to the first magnetic pole
     via a magnetic gap; the MR element including: a center region including a
     ferromagnetic tunnel junction magneto-resistance effect film (hereinafter,
     referred to as a TMR film) having: a first ferromagnetic layer and a
     second ferromagnetic layer for generating a magneto-resistance effect
     using the first and the second magnetic shields as electrodes so that a
     current flows in a an almost vertical direction between the first and the
     second magnetic shields; and a tunnel barrier layer provided between the
     first and the second ferromagnetic layer; and an end region arranged to
     sandwich the center region from both sides for applying a bias magnetic
     field to the center region."
"There is provided a magnetic recording apparatus capable of carrying out
     signal reproduction with high accuracy by using a narrow gap head
     structure corresponding to high recording density. An asymmetric gap
     structure MR head includes a magnetoresistance element 26 having a
     magnetoresistance film 24 and a pair of electrodes 25 disposed at the
     upper side; a reproducing magnetic gap film 23 disposed only at the lower
     side of the magnetoresistance element 26; a magnetic shielding film 22
     disposed so as to make a laminate with the magnetoresistance element 26
     through the reproducing magnetic gap film 23; and an insulating film 27
     disposed at the upper side of the magnetoresistance element 26. When a
     signal is read by use of such a reproducing head, the signal of the
     present bit is read by subtracting a value obtained by multiplying signals
     of a plurality of previous bits by predetermined coefficients from the
     present reproduction signal. As another reproduction signal processing
     system, a partial response system is adopted."
"Portable precision caliper comprising a slide (2) and a shaft (1) each
     fitted with a jaw (10, respectively 20). The slide is further equipped
     with electronic means (11) which enable the distance between the jaws (10,
     20) to be displayed on an electronic display (12). The electronic means
     are powered by a battery (110, 111). The shaft (2) is fitted with a
     magnetized scale (21) with a period of magnetization .lambda.. The
     electronic means (11) include a sensor (112) equipped with an array of
     magnetoresistive electrodes disposed opposite said scale (21). The
     resistance values of the magnetoresistive electrodes are a sinusoidal
     function of the longitudinal position of the sensor (112) along the scale
     (21). The set of magnetoresistive electrodes includes at least certain
     sets of magnetoresistive electrodes formed of at least 8 electrodes
     connected in series, so as to increase the electric resistance of the sets
     and to reduce the electricity consumption of the whole device."
"An MR head using an MR element as a magnetic detector and having head
     elements formed on a substrate is provided which comprises a capacitor
     connected in parallel to the MR element. The substrate is made of a
     conductive material to serve as one of electrodes forming the capacitor.
     Owing to this construction, the MR element of the MR head is hardly broken
     down due to an ESD or EOS."
"In accordance with the present invention, a magneto-resistive head read
     amplifier circuit is provided which can be incorporated into a magnetic
     reader for reading information stored in magnetic form on a storage
     medium. The magneto-resistive head read amplifier of the present invention
     incorporates an inductor in the bottom current drain of the head read
     amplifier circuit which reduces or eliminates noise generated by the
     bottom current source transistor of the head read amplifier circuit. In
     accordance with a first embodiment of the present invention, the
     magneto-resistive head read amplifier is a single-polarity head read
     amplifier circuit which utilizes a bias current having a particular
     polarity. In accordance with a second embodiment of the present invention,
     the magneto-resistive head read amplifier is a dual-polarity head read
     amplifier circuit capable of operating with bias currents of opposite
     polarity. Both embodiments of the present invention preferably utilize a
     common mode feedback circuit and a differential feedback circuit which set
     the operating point of the head read amplifier circuits. The differential
     feedback circuit nulls the differential output voltage of the head read
     amplifier circuit and the common mode feedback circuit sets the minimum
     bias current for the magneto resistor. In the dual-polarity head read
     amplifier circuit, switching logic is utilized to enable the polarity of
     the bias current to selected."
"A method for prescribing geometry of an imaging volume of a structure of
     interest positioned in a magnetic resonance (MR) imaging system. The
     method includes (a) establishing a communication connection over a network
     between the MR imaging system and a remote facility to provide remote
     services to the MR imaging systems; (b) selecting a first boundary plane
     of the structure of interest, wherein the first boundary plane is
     prescribed by a first imaging section of the structure of interest; (c)
     determining a first geometry information corresponding to the first
     imaging section of the structure of interest; (d) storing the first
     geometry information in the MR imaging system; (e) selecting a second
     boundary plane of the structure of interest, wherein the second boundary
     plane is prescribed by a first imaging section of the structure of
     interest; (f) determining the second geometry information corresponding to
     the second imaging section of the structure of interest; (g) storing the
     second geometry information in the MR imaging system; and (h) applying the
     first and second geometry information of the first and second imaging
     sections, respectively, to prescribe a boundary geometry defining a
     subsequent imaging volume of the structure of interest. At least one of
     steps (b) through (h) is done remotely."
"Good magnetic, wear, and corrosion properties are required of a pinned
     synthetic anti-ferromagnet used in a top spin valve magnetoresistive
     sensor for reading magnetic media. The pinned synthetic anti-ferromagnet
     includes a synthetic anti-ferromagnet. An oxidation protection layer is
     deposited on the synthetic anti-ferromagnet. A nickel oxide layer for
     pinning the synthetic anti-ferromagnet is deposited on the oxidation
     layer."
"In order to provide a thin film magnetic head having a high performance as
     well as a method of manufacturing the same, in which throat height TH of a
     pole portion and MR height MRH can be formed accurately to have desired
     design values for improving a surface recording density and reducing a
     side fringe magnetic flux during a writing, after forming a MR element on
     a substrate 41, 42, a first magnetic film 47 is formed on the MR element,
     a write gap layer 48 is deposited on the first magnetic layer, a thin film
     coil 50, 52 supported by a coil supporting insulating layer 51, 53 is
     formed, a second magnetic layer 54 is formed on the insulating layer,
     non-magnetic side walls 55a are selectively formed on side surfaces of a
     pole portion of the second magnetic layer, a part of the write gap layer
     in the vicinity of the pole portion and a part of the first magnetic layer
     are selectively removed by anisotropic etching to form a recess 56 while
     said pole portion and side walls are used as a mask. The air bearing
     surface is polished with reference to the inner side wall 56a of the
     recess 56."
"A magnetoresistive device includes an insulating barrier formed of carbon.
     In particular, the carbon can be diamond-like carbon, and more
     particularly, the carbon can be tetrahedral amorphous carbon (t-aC). The
     insulating barrier can be disposed between the free layer and pinned layer
     of a spin valve read sensor or otherwise incorporated with other various
     read sensor configurations. The insulating barrier is configured to
     increase a resistance of the read sensor with which it is incorporated,
     and thereby to increase the read signal. Such a barrier can be formed by
     cathodic arc deposition techniques, with substantially defect-free
     thicknesses from about 5 .ANG. and above, and band gap values in the range
     of about 1 eV to about 5.4 eV."
"A magneto-resistance effect element includes an oxide substrate having on
     its surface steps of atomic layer level and on the substrate an
     epitaxially grown ferromagnetic oxide thin film, the thin film formed on
     the atomic layer level steps having an antiphased domain boundary."
"A tape servo system includes tape having bands of tracks including at least
     one data band having a plurality of data tracks of track pitch P and a
     servo band dedicated for servo information. The servo band includes two or
     more noncontiguous servo tracks with each pair of adjacent servo tracks of
     the two or more noncontiguous servo tracks having a center to center
     separation equal to M*P, wherein M for each pair of adjacent servo tracks
     may be any integer.gtoreq.2. The system may further include a head
     assembly having a single magnetoresistive read element tapped to provide
     at least (K+1) tapped servo read elements for use in reading servo
     information written to the servo band; wherein K is equal to the integer M
     for the pair of adjacent servo tracks having the greatest center to center
     separation and a repositioning assembly for repositioning the head
     assembly as a function of the servo information. Further, the center to
     center separation between pairs of adjacent servo tracks of the two or
     more noncontiguous servo tracks may be different for at least two pairs of
     adjacent servo tracks. A servo tracking data recording tape with two or
     more noncontiguous servo tracks having center to center separation between
     pairs of adjacent servo tracks being different for at least two pairs of
     adjacent servo tracks is also provided along with a method for servo track
     identification for use therewith. Further, track read/write head
     assemblies wherein the servo read and write elements are along the same
     gap lines as the data read and write assemblies, respectively, are
     provided."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) imaging system including a method and apparatus
     for reducing image artifacts caused by magnet vibration is disclosed
     herein. The system includes a magnetic field vibration quantification and
     compensation scheme including correcting for a vibration error induced in
     k-space data corresponding to an MR image. The vibration error can be at
     least one of a spatially independent phase error caused by a spatially
     invariant magnetic field, a k.sub.x -space displacement error caused by a
     perturbation gradient along the readout direction, a k.sub.y -space
     displacement error caused by a perturbation gradient along the
     phase-encoding direction, and a slice-selection error caused by a
     perturbation gradient along the slice-selection direction. The vibration
     error is used to appropriately modify and/or add to its corresponding
     magnetic field component, or its equivalent, in the pulse sequence."
"The present invention is characterized in that a first giant
     magnetoresistive effect element and a second giant magnetoresistive effect
     element are provided along a first straight line with the magnetization of
     the pinned magnetic layer c oriented in a fixed direction, and that a
     third giant magnetoresistive effect element and a fourth giant
     magnetoresistive effect element are provided along a second straight line,
     which is parallel to the first straight line, with the magnetization of
     the pinned magnetic layer oriented 180.degree. opposite to the directions
     of magnetization of the pinned magnetic layers in the first and second
     giant magnetoresistive effect elements."
"A knock suppression control apparatus for an internal combustion engine
     which can avoid erroneous knock detection and hence the erroneous knock
     suppression control, to thereby ensure knock suppression control with high
     reliability. The knock suppression control apparatus includes an ion
     current detecting means (10) for detecting an ion current (i) flowing by
     way of a spark plug (8) upon combustion of an air-fuel mixture charged in
     the cylinder, a filter means (14A) for extracting a knock signal (Kj) from
     an output signal (Ei) of the ion current detecting means (10), a knock
     decision means (23) for deciding occurrence of a knock event in the engine
     on the basis of the knock signal (Kj), a control quantity correcting means
     (24) for correcting a control quantity for the internal combustion engine
     so as to suppress the knock event on the basis of result (H) of decision
     made by the knock decision means (23), an integrating means (16, 16A) for
     arithmetically determining an integral value (Km; Em) which corresponds to
     an output level of the ion current (Ei), a comparison level setting means
     (26, 26A) for setting a predetermined comparison reference level (MR) for
     the integral value (Km; Em), and a correcting quantity arithmetic means
     (25, 25A) for outputting a correcting signal (M1; M2) for correcting
     parameters relevant to the knock decision means (23) or alternatively
     relevant to the control quantity correcting means (24) on the basis of
     result of the comparison between the integral value (Km; Em) and the
     comparison reference level (MR)."
"A magnetic head is provided with a magnetoresistive sensor scarcely
     susceptible to heat and provided with a fixed layer capable of creating a
     pinned magnetic field of a sufficient intensity. The magnetic head
     comprises a magnetoresistive effect film having a free layer (21), a fixed
     layer (105) and an intermediate layer (104), and a pair of electrodes
     (25a, 25b) for supplying current to the magnetoresistance effect film. The
     free layer (21) is formed of a ferromagnetic material and the intermediate
     layer (104) is formed of a nonmagnetic material. The fixed layer (105) has
     a first ferromagnetic film (22), a second ferromagnetic film (24) and a
     nonmagnetic film (23) sandwiched between the first and the second
     ferromagnetic films (22, 24). The second ferromagnetic film (24) farther
     from the free layer (21) than the first ferromagnetic layer (22) is formed
     of a material having the property of permanent magnets. The magnetization
     of the fist ferromagnetic film (22) and that of the second ferromagnetic
     film (24) are coupled in an antiferromagnetic coupling fashion."
"A magnetic sensor utilizing a spin tunnel magneto-resistance effect (TMR),
     comprising a tunnel insulating film, a first magnetic layer formed on one
     of the planes of the tunnel insulating film, a second magnetic layer
     formed on the other plane of the tunnel insulating film, a third magnetic
     layer containing an anti-ferromagnetic substance for fixing magnetization
     of the second magnetic layer, a second insulating film formed on at least
     one of the first and third magnetic layers and having an opening in a
     predetermined region, a first electrode electrically connected to one of
     the first and third magnetic layers only in the opening of the second
     insulating film, and a second electrode for causing a current to flow
     between the first electrode and itself through at least the first and
     second magnetic layers and the first insulating layer."
"A magnetosensitive die and actualizing circuit therefor by which a
     plurality of individual magnetosensitive elements are arranged and
     configured so as to produce a two dimensional position sensor which does
     not require the use of active components. Four MR elements are provided,
     wherein each MR element has an orthogonally serpentine configuration. A
     first MR sensor is formed of two MR elements that are diametrically
     opposed along a first axis, and a second MR sensor is formed of the
     remaining two MR elements which are diametrically opposed along a second,
     orthogonal axis. Each MR element is interdigitated with both of the MR
     elements of the other MR sensor, such that each MR sensor is electrically
     independent and orthogonally oriented with respect to the other MR sensor.
     Accordingly, one MR sensor consisting of two MR elements senses position
     along a first axis, and the other MR sensor consisting of the two other MR
     elements senses position along a second axis that is orthogonal to the
     first axis. The interdigitation of the MR elements may be accomplished
     with geometries other than orthogonally serpentine."
"A system for sensing and indicating the angular position of a shaft through
     360 degrees of rotation using a two-axis magnetoresistive microcircuit, a
     two pole magnet which rotates with the input shaft, a two channel
     operational amplifier, and an electromechanical device such as air core
     meter indicator, or an electronic computer to provide remote shaft angle
     indication. The magnetoresistive microcircuit consists of two Wheatstone
     bridges with magnetic field sensitive resistor elements. The two pole
     magnet is attached to the input shaft and configured to provide a uniform,
     low level magnetic field with maximum intensity less than that which will
     saturate the magnetoresistive sensors. Operational amplifier circuits are
     trimmed to eliminate sensor offset, match scale factors for the two
     channels, and amplify the differential bridge sensor signals. As the input
     shaft rotates, sinusoidal signals V.sub.1 and V.sub.2 are obtained from
     the amplifiers with equal amplitude and a 90-degree phase shift. These
     signals may be transmitted to an analog-to-digital converter and
     microprocessor for calculating the indicated shaft angle .theta..sub.in by
     using the algorithm .theta..sub.in =arctangent (V.sub.1 /V.sub.2). For
     mechanically repeating or indicating the angle of the shaft, V.sub.1 and
     V.sub.2 can be utilized to directly drive an air core meter. The air core
     meter consists of a two pole magnet attached to an indicator rotor shaft,
     and a pair of fixed electromagnetic coils would around the rotor shaft and
     wound at right angles to each other. The coils are energized by V.sub.1
     and V.sub.2, respectively, causing the permanent magnet in the rotor to
     align itself with the vector sum of the magnetic fields created by current
     through the coils. The air core meter rotor angle .theta..sub.out
     =arctangent (V.sub.1 /V.sub.2) such that the rotor tracks the shaft input
     angle .theta..sub.in on a one for one basis."
"An antiferromagnetically exchange-coupled structure for use in various
     types of magnetic devices, such as magnetic tunnel junctions and
     spin-valve giant magnetoresistance recording heads, includes an
     antiferromagnetic layer formed of an alloy of osmium and manganese,
     wherein the osmium is present in the range of approximately 10 to 30
     atomic %. The antiferromagnetic layer is deposited on a non-reactive
     underlayer, preferably one formed of a noble metal, such as platinum,
     palladium or alloys thereof. The antiferromagnetic material provides a
     strong exchange biasing for the ferromagnetic layer that is deposited on
     the antiferromagnetic layer. Iridium may be added to the osmium-manganese
     alloy, wherein the total of osmium and iridium is in the range of the
     approximately 10 to 30 atomic %, to increase the blocking temperature of
     the antiferromagnetic material. A template layer of permalloy (nickel-iron
     alloy) may be formed between the underlayer and the antiferromagnetic
     layer to improve the growth of the osmium-manganese alloy. The resulting
     antiferromagnetically exchange-coupled structure exhibits very high
     thermal stability, i.e., the magnetoresistance of magnetic tunnel junction
     devices is retained even during relatively high annealing process
     temperatures. This allows magnetic tunnel junction devices using the
     structure to be used as memory cells in magnetic random access memory
     arrays that are formed on substrates with electronic circuitry formed by
     conventional high-temperature CMOS processes and which require high
     temperature anneals of the completed memory chips."
"A magnetoresistance device comprising at least two ferromagnetic layers
     separated by a non-magnetic layer, the coercive force of one of the
     ferromagnetic layers being enhanced by a coercive force enhancement layer
     of an antiferromagnetic material disposed adjacent to the one of the
     ferromagnetic layer thereby pinning magnetization inversion in the one of
     the ferromagnetic layer, the other ferromagnetic layer serving as a free
     ferromagnetic layer in which magnetization inversion is allowed, wherein
     the spin orientation in the coercive force enhancement layer is aligned in
     a multilayer fashion into a direction substantially parallel to the plane
     of the coercive force enhancement layer. A method of producing such a
     device is also disclosed."
"A magnetic sensor utilizing a spin tunnel magneto-resistance effect (TMR),
     comprising a tunnel insulating film, a first magnetic layer formed on one
     of the planes of the tunnel insulating film, a second magnetic layer
     formed on the other plane of the tunnel insulating film, a third magnetic
     layer containing an anti-ferromagnetic substance for fixing magnetization
     of the second magnetic layer, a second insulating film formed on at least
     one of the first and third magnetic layers and having an opening in a
     predetermined region, a first electrode electrically connected to one of
     the first and third magnetic layers only in the opening of the second
     insulating film, and a second electrode for causing a current to flow
     between the first electrode and itself through at least the first and
     second magnetic layers and the first insulating layer."
"A method of fabricating a magnetoresistive (MR) proximity head slider
     having substantial immunity to thermal asperities includes providing the
     head slider having an inductive write transducer and an MR read transducer
     each extending to a first region of an air bearing surface (ABS) of the
     head slider. The method further includes removing a portion of the first
     region of the ABS corresponding to the MR read transducer to form a cavity
     in the ABS. The cavity in the ABS provides a second region of the ABS such
     that after removal of the portion of the first region the MR read
     transducer extends only to the second region of the ABS."
"Low glide magneto-optical (LGMO) information storage and retrieval media
     having improved tribological properties when used in ultra-high density
     storage/retrieval devices employing very small head flying heights on the
     order of less than about 1 microinch are formed in a front surface
     magneto-optical (FSMO) configuration utilizing a substrate having a highly
     polished surface, on which a layer stack comprising a rare
     earth-transition metal thermo-magnetic (RE-TM) magneto-optical (MO) layer
     is formed. Enhanced wear and abrasion resistance is provided by an
     ultra-thin, protective flash layer overcoat (FLO)/lubricant topcoat layer
     system on the media surface. Embodiments of the present invention include
     forming the FLO layer of an amorphous, abrasion-resistant, diamond-like,
     carbon-based material selected from CN.sub.x, CH.sub.x, and CN.sub.x
     H.sub.y, and providing the lubricant topcoat on the FLO layer as an about
     15-25 .ANG. thick layer of a fluoropolyether or perfluoropolyether
     material, the surface of which is subjected to post-deposition buffing and
     tape-wiping for enhancing low glide performance."
"An apparatus and method of making is disclosed for a combination read/write
     head having improved topography. The disclosed read/write head combines a
     magnetoresistive (MR) read head with an inductive magnetic write head. The
     head is planarized at a second shield layer with a planarization layer
     such that pads and leads connecting the pads to the MR sensor and coil are
     on a planar surface of the planaritzation layer. This planarization layer
     allows first and second shield layers to be optimized for the MR sensor to
     be used and also separates the pads and leads from the substrate. The
     combination head has first and second shield layers formed on a substrate,
     the shield layers being separated by a read gap. A magnetoresistive (MR)
     sensor and MR leads are located in the read gap. The planarization layer
     is then formed on the substrate, surrounding the first and second shield
     layers creating a planar surface that is coplanar with a top surface of
     the second shield layer. A write gap layer is fabricated along with a pole
     piece. The pole piece being separated by the write gap layer at the ABS
     and connected to the second shield layer at a back gap that is recessed in
     the head from the ABS. An insulation layer and coil layer embedded in the
     insulation layer with the insulation layer and the coil layer being
     located between the second shield layer and the pole piece. Pads and leads
     are formed on the planarization layer, with the leads electrically
     connected to the MR sensor and the coil."
"A position detecting device comprises: a plurality of magnetoresistive
     elements which, with a predetermined spacing, are disposed so as to oppose
     a magnetic recording medium magnetized so as to have N poles and S poles
     at a predetermined pitch; and a holder for holding the magnetoresistive
     elements, the position detecting device detecting a moving amount of the
     magnetic recording medium by means of the magnetoresistive element,
     wherein the position detecting device further comprises positioning means
     for adjusting the spacing between the magnetic recording medium and the
     magnetoresistive elements, and wherein the holder is provided so as to be
     capable of pivoting around a center axis which is substantially parallel
     to a moving direction of the magnetic recording medium, so as to enable
     adjustment of the spacing between the magnetic recording medium and the
     magnetoresistive elements."
"The present invention improves the sensitivity and expands the temperature
     range of operation of a magnetic detection device used in conjunction with
     rotary shafts such as those found in automobiles. A magnetic detection
     element consists of a giant magnetoresistance element and an integrated
     circuit for performing a predetermined operational processing based on the
     variation of magnetic field detected by the giant magnetoresistance
     element, and the magnetic detection element is operated in the magnetic
     field in the range of exceeding the magnetic field for maximizing the
     resistance value of the giant magnetoresistance element and below the
     field obtained by multiplying the saturation magnetic field of the giant
     magnetoresistance element by 0.8."
"The present invention provides a spin-valve magnetic resistance sensor in
     which an underlayer, which has a second underlayer film with an fcc
     structure consisting of an alloy formed by combining one or more elements
     selected from a set consisting of elements of group VIIIa and group Ib of
     the periodic table, and one or more elements selected from a set
     consisting of elements of groups IIa, IVa, Va, VIa, IIb, Ib and IVb of the
     periodic table, such as NiFeCrTi or NiCrTi, etc., is formed on the
     substrate, and a magnetic resistance (MR) film which has an
     antiferromagnetic layer consisting of a Pt.sub.1-x Mn.sub.x alloy or an
     Ir.sub.1-x Mn.sub.x alloy is laminated on top of this underlayer. The
     composition ratio of the element with the smallest free energy of oxide
     formation among the elements contained in the alloy of the second
     underlayer film is in the range of 0.1 atomic % to 15 atomic %."
"A method for forming a magnetically biased magnetoresistive (MR) layer.
     There is first provided a substrate. There is then formed over the
     substrate a ferromagnetic magnetoresistive (MR) material layer. There is
     then forming contacting the ferromagnetic magnetoresistive (MR) material
     layer a magnetic material layer formed of a first crystalline phase, where
     the magnetic material layer is formed of a crystalline multiphasic
     magnetic material having the first crystalline phase which does not
     appreciably antiferromagnetically exchange couple with the ferromagnetic
     magnetoresistive (MR) material layer and a second crystalline phase which
     does appreciably antiferromagnetically exchange couple with the
     ferromagnetic magnetoresistive (MR) material layer. There is then annealed
     thermally while employing a first thermal annealing method employing an
     extrinsic magnetic bias field the magnetic material layer formed of the
     first crystalline phase to form a magnetically aligned magnetic material
     layer formed of the first crystalline phase. Finally, there is then
     annealed thermally while employing a second thermal annealing method
     without employing an extrinsic magnetic bias field the magnetically
     aligned magnetic material layer formed of the first crystalline phase to
     form an antiferromagnetically coupled magnetically aligned magnetic
     material layer formed of the second crystalline phase. The method may be
     employed for forming non-parallel antiferromagnetically biased multiple
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer magnetoresistive (MR) sensor elements while
     employing a single antiferromagnetic material."
"An information storage system having a ring head sliding on a rigid
     magnetic storage disk in such close proximity that the magnetic field felt
     by the media layer or layers of the disk has a larger perpendicular than
     longitudinal component so that data is stored in a perpendicular mode. The
     head to media separation during writing of data to the media is a small
     fraction of the amagnetic gap separating the poletips of the head. Reading
     of data may be inductive or may be via a magnetoresistive sensor which is
     coupled to the magnetically permeable core of the ring head far from the
     poletips. The media preferably has a high perpendicular anisotropy."
"A method, devices, and an article of manufacture for reducing magnetic
     instability in a magnetoresistive read head of a combined read-write head
     after writing data onto a magnetic storage medium. The last write pulse
     polarity that results in the least amount of magnetic instability in the
     read head is determined, and is referred to as the designated polarity.
     Then, after a set of write pulses is written, it is determined whether the
     last write pulse has the designated polarity. If the last write pulse does
     not have the designated polarity, then an additional write pulse with the
     designated polarity is written. Thus, the last write pulse before a read
     always has the designated polarity, thereby reducing the magnetic
     instability of the read head, and consequently improving read head
     performance."
"A reference current and resistance is used to determine a reference
     voltage. A variable current is then applied to the MR read head, and is
     adjusted to produce a voltage equal to that of the reference voltage.
     Then, the known current and voltage is used to determine the resistance of
     the MR read head."
"The object of the invention is to realize an MR amplifier circuit that is
     operable with a single power supply voltage, and in which the CMRR can be
     maintained large. Current supply circuit (10) supplies a prescribed
     current (I.sub.B) to MR element (20) in response to a control signal
     (S.sub.D), the current of resistive element (R2) that is connected between
     node (ND2) and ground potential is set by means of the equivalent current
     circuit (40), the current that flows in resistive element (R2) is
     controlled in response to potential changes of node (ND2) when a noise is
     applied to MR element (20), and current changes of MR element (20) are
     suppressed. Due to the fact that a voltage drop that is generated in MR
     element (20) is amplified by amplifier (30) that is operated with a single
     power supply voltage, and since the resistance changes of MR element (20)
     accompanying changes in the magnetic field are detected, an amplifier
     circuit can be realized wherein the strength of the magnetic field can be
     detected, the CMRR can be kept high, and the effects due to in-phase noise
     can be minimized."
"An artery vein visually separated MRA image and/or a higher
     blood/parenchyma contrast MRA image are provided by a magnetic resonance
     imaging system. The system comprises, in addition to a magnet generating a
     static magnetic field, a gradient generation unit generating magnetic
     gradients superimposed on the static magnetic field, a
     transmission/reception unit transmitting to a subject spin-exciting RF
     signal and receiving an MR signal emanated from the subject, a
     reconstruction unit reconstructing the image based on the MR, and a
     sequencer for performing a scan sequence of pulses through control of the
     gradient generation unit and the transmission/reception unit. The scan
     sequence of pulses is formed for producing the functions of: applying not
     only a plurality of saturation pulses in time series to a pre-saturated
     slice positionally different from the imaging slice but also a slice
     gradient pulse for selecting the pre-saturated slice concurrently with the
     plurality of saturation pulses, and performing a data acquisition sequence
     applying to the imaging slice a pulse train for acquiring an MR signal
     from the imaging slice after application of the plurality of saturation
     pulses and the slice gradient pulse."
"In an angle-based crankshaft position sensing system, an electrical circuit
     is provided for also sensing the direction of rotation of the crankshaft.
     A slotted target wheel is coupled to the crankshaft and a single
     dual-element MR sensor is juxtaposed with the target wheel. The elements
     generate respective detection signals when a slot passes by the elements,
     with the position of the slot being indicated as being directly under the
     sensor at the point in time when the detection signals intersect each
     other. Also, square waves are generated for each detection signal, and
     when the magnitude of the second square wave is non-zero when the falling
     edge of the first square wave occurs, a clockwise rotation is indicated.
     On the other hand, if the magnitude of the second square wave is zero when
     the falling edge of the first square wave occurs, a counterclockwise
     rotation is indicated."
"Magnetoresistive and spin valve heads have a layered structure. Common to
     each of the layered structures of these heads is the combination of a
     soft-magnetic layer of essentially NiFe near a spacer layer of essentially
     Ta, which is used for insuring (111) crystal orientation of the NiFe
     layer. An isolate layer is interposed between the spacer layer and the
     soft-magnetic layer to prevent a diffusion boundary from being created at
     the interface of these layers which tends to degrade the soft-magnetic
     property of the NiFe layer, especially when the thickness of the
     soft-magnetic layer is 10 and nm or less. The isolate layer is one of a
     composition in which the principal component is a magnetic element that is
     not solid soluble with Ta, a composition in which the principal component
     is a non-magnetic element that is not solid soluble with Ni and Fe, a
     composition in which the principal component is at least one of the
     elements of Co, Fe, Ti, V, Zr, Nb, Mo, Hf, W, Tc, Ru, Rh, Pd, Ag, Re, Os,
     Ir, Pt and Au; or a composition in which the principal component is of
     Co.sub.(100-X) Fe.sub.(X), where 20.gtoreq.X&gt;O. The isolate layer has a
     structure that is amorphous, an fcc structure."
"Magneto-optical information storage media having improved tribological
     properties when used in high-density storage devices employing very small
     head flying heights are formed by providing by a protective
     overcoat/lubricant topcoat layer system on the media surface. Embodiments
     of the present invention include forming the protective overcoat layer of
     an amorphous, abrasion resistant, carbon-based, diamond-like material less
     than about 50 .ANG. thick selected from CN.sub.x, CH.sub.x, and CN.sub.x
     H.sub.y, and forming the lubricant topcoat at a thickness of 15-25 .ANG.,
     of a medium molecular weight linear chain perfluoro polyalkylene polymer
     having
     ##STR1##
reactive end groups for bonding the polymer molecules to the protective
     overcoat layer."
"A method of manufacturing a MR sensor having at least an anti-ferromagnetic
     layer and a ferromagnetic layer, and to a method for manufacturing a
     magnetic head with the MR sensor. The sensor utilizes bias magnetic field
     provided by exchange coupling between the anti-ferromagnetic layer and the
     ferromagnetic layer. The sensor manufacturing method includes a step of
     depositing an anti-ferromagnetic layer to have a larger thickness than a
     target thickness, a step of ordering the deposited anti-ferromagnetic
     layer, and a step of thinning the ordered anti-ferromagnetic layer to have
     the target thickness."
"Objects of this invention include provision of magnetic resonance (MR)
     imaging methods, MR apparatus, and radio-frequency (RF) receiving coil
     devices permitting interactive MR examination of a patient. In particular,
     this invention includes means for generating MR images by a moveable RF
     coil which can be moved across a patient during an MR examination. The MR
     apparatus includes a position detection system which detects the current
     position and orientation of the moveable RF coil. The coil can be hand
     held for manual movement or can be attached to mechanical manipulators for
     controlled movement. The imaging methods determine and generate magnetic
     gradient and RF pulse sequences to excite nuclear magnetization in a 3D
     region determined with respect to the current 3D position and 3D
     orientation of the moveable RF coil. The invention also includes moveable
     RF coils for receiving and transmitting which are configured and sized for
     convenient manipulation by an operator. A preferable moveable RF coil
     assembly includes markers necessary to interact with a particular position
     detection system, display means for displaying reconstructed images in
     real-time, and control means for operator entry of signals controlling the
     MR apparatus. This invention also includes a carrier medium with recorded
     program instructions for controlling a programmable MR apparatus to
     perform the disclosed methods."
"A device and method for sensing the status of a non-volatile magnetic
     latch. A cross-coupled inverter pair latch cell is employed for the data
     sensing. During the `Sense` cycles, the inputs to the latch cell are from
     Giant Magneto-Resistive effect devices, each located in its respective
     inverter pair. The magneto-resistive storage devices have complimentary
     resistance states written into them. A switch, connected to the inverter
     pairs, is used to reset and initiate a regenerative sequence. Whenever the
     switch is turned on (reset) and off (regenerate), the latch cell will
     sense a potential imbalance generated by the magneto-resistive storage
     devices with complimentary resistance. During regeneration, the imbalance
     will be amplified and eventually the inverter pairs will reach a logic
     high or logic low state. The latch can be used as a memory circuit,
     however, upon loss of power the memory is retained. The state of the
     circuit is retained inside of GMR components. On-chip current lines are
     used to control the states of the components."
"A non-volatile RAM device is disclosed which utilizes a plurality of
     ferromagnetic bits (6) each surrounded by a coil of a write line (13) for
     directing the remnant polarity thereof is disclosed. The direction of
     magnetic remnance in each bit (6) is dictated by the direction of a
     current induced into write line (13). Further, a magneto sensor (7)
     comprising a magneto resistor (1) coupled to a collector (2) is placed
     approximate each bit (6). The magneto resistor (1) is coupled to a control
     circuit (30) for receiving current. The current passing across magneto
     resistor (1) is biased in a direction either right or left of the original
     current flow direction. The collector is coupled to a sense line (4),
     which in turn, is coupled to an amplifier (12). When current flow is
     biased in the direction of the collector, the serial resistance of the
     magneto resistor will be decreased, and the sense line (4) will receive a
     high amount of current. However, when current flow is biased in the
     direction away from the collector, then the serial resistance of the
     magneto resistor will be effectively increased, and the sense line (4)
     will receive a small amount of current. The presence and amount of current
     in the sense line (4) is amplified and detected by the amplifier (12)."
"A magnetoresistive effect type reproducing head is formed by stacking a
     lower magnetic shield made of magnetic material, a lower inter-layer
     insulation film, a magnetoresistive effect type element for detecting a
     magnetic field by using a magnetoresistive effect, an upper inter-layer
     insulation film, and an upper magnetic shield made of magnetic material,
     on a substrate in this order, wherein the resistivity of at least one of
     the lower and upper magnetic shields is more than 200
     .mu..OMEGA..multidot.cm."
"An object of the invention is to minimize the difference in reproducing
     output of a magnetoresistive device for a reproducing head. An MR device
     which composes a reproducing head is formed as a laminated structure in
     which a SAL film, an insulating film and an MR film which is a
     magnetoresistive film are laminated. The side-end faces of the MR film
     slope toward the supporting surface of a base body and the side-end faces
     of the SAL film are formed substantially vertical to the supporting
     surface of the base body. An insulating film, which is provided in the
     related art, is not provided on the side-end faces of the MR film and the
     SAL film so as to make them directly in contact with a first electrode
     layer. The area of the side-end faces of the SAL film is sufficiently
     smaller than that of the MR film, and the ratio of both areas can be set
     to a constant value. The contact resistance between the SAL film and the
     first electrode layer is sufficiently larger than the current flowing in
     the MR film and the first electrode layer, and the current flowing in the
     SAL film becomes sufficiently smaller than that of the MR film. Further,
     the ratio of the amount of the current flowing in the SAL film to that of
     the current flowing in the MR film becomes constant and difference in the
     reproducing output can be suppressed."
"A seed layer is provided for a pinning layer which increases the pinning
     field H.sub.PIN between a pinning layer and a pinned layer of a spin valve
     sensor. In an example the seed layer structure included a first seed layer
     of cobalt iron boron (CoFeB), a second seed layer of nickel manganese
     oxide (NiMnO) and a third seed layer of aluminum oxide (Al.sub.2 O.sub.3)
     with the first seed layer interfacing the pinning layer and the second
     seed layer being located between the first and third seed layers. A
     pinning field between the pinning and pinned layers was 600 Oe and the
     magnetoresistive coefficient of the spin valve sensor was 8.8%. The pinned
     layer can be a single pinned layer or an antiparallel (AP) pinned layer
     structure. If the pinned layer structure is a single pinned layer the
     cobalt iron boron (CoFeB) first seed layer provides a second significant
     function of at least partially counterbalancing the demagnetizing field
     from the pinned layer."
"A specular reflector structure including one or more layers is located
     between a free layer structure and a keeper layer for reflecting
     conduction electrons toward the free layer so as to increase the
     magnetoresistive coefficient (dr/R) of the spin valve sensor. In the
     preferred embodiment the specular reflector structure includes a first
     specular reflector layer of silver (Ag) and a second specular reflector
     layer of copper (Cu) with the first specular reflector layer interfacing
     the keeper layer and the second specular reflector layer interfacing the
     free layer."
"A method and system for providing a magnetoresistive sensor is disclosed.
     The method and system include providing a first pinned layer, providing a
     first spacer layer above the first pinned layer, and providing a free
     layer above the first spacer layer. The method and system further include
     providing a second spacer layer above the free layer and providing a
     second pinned layer above the second spacer layer. The first pinned layer
     includes a first magnetic layer and a second magnetic layer separated by a
     first nonmagnetic layer. The first magnetic layer is antiferromagnetically
     coupled with the second magnetic layer. The second pinned layer includes a
     third magnetic layer and a fourth magnetic layer separated by a second
     nonmagnetic layer. The third magnetic layer is antiferromagnetically
     coupled with the fourth magnetic layer. The first pinned layer and the
     second pinned layer are pinned by a current carried by the
     magnetoresistive head during use."
"A magnetoresistive head having improved overwrite performance and a small
     trackwidth. The magnetoresistive head having a magnetic yoke formed of
     first and second poles joined at a back gap region and having an opposite
     write gap region. A pedestal with a top portion constructed of a high
     saturation moment material is provided on the first pole, limited to the
     write gap region and spaced from the read element so as to prevent popcorn
     noise in read sensor. The high moment pedestal is raised above surrounding
     structure causing the second pole to define a very low apex angle in the
     write gap region."
"A method of calibrating magnetoresistive (MR) head geometry for a product
     head in a selfservo writing disc drive includes the steps of writing a
     first burst at an inner diameter of a disc surface using the write head of
     the product head. Next, the first burst is read using the MR read head of
     the product head, and a first read amplitude of the first burst is
     determined. From the first read amplitude of the first burst, it is
     determined which one of a multiple different sets of subsequent inner
     diameter steps to perform. Then, the one of the multiple different sets of
     subsequent inner diameter steps is performed to determine a read head
     width, a write head width, and a read-write offset between the read head
     and the write head."
"A thermomagnetic recording and reproducing head includes a floating slider,
     and a heating head, a reproduction-use magnetic head as an MR head and a
     recording-use magnetic head as a thin-film inductive head mounted on the
     floating slider in this order from an upstream side of a track. The
     heating section of the heating head is formed by boron nitride or
     ruthenium oxide, and has a width narrower than the widths of the
     reproduction-use magnetic head and recording-use magnetic head. Moreover,
     the recording layer of a disk medium is made from an N-type ferrimagnetic
     material, the coercive force of the recording layer at a recording
     temperature and saturation magnetization thereof at a reproduction
     temperature are adjusted, and the compensation temperature of the
     recording layer is adjusted to be substantially room temperature. The
     thermomagnetic recording and reproducing head can realize a narrow track
     without decreasing the widths of the recording-use magnetic head and
     reproduction-use magnetic head, thereby increasing the track density."
"A sensor for measurement of shaft angle values of a rotatable magnetized
     shaft employs a plurality of bridge circuits with corresponding
     magnetoresistive sensing elements disposed spaced-apart from a magnet
     disposed in an end of the shaft. The bridge circuits are held by a base
     which includes a cavity for receipt of the end of the shaft having the
     magnet. A housing secures the shaft and positions the shaft for rotation
     within the cavity. The base is formed of polybutalene teraphthallate which
     is permeable to magnetic lines of force, thereby permitting a coupling of
     the magnetic field of the shaft to the magnetoresistive sensors for
     measurement of an angle of the shaft about the shaft axis."
"The heavily-doped silver chalcogenides, Ag.sub.2+.delta. Se and
     Ag.sub.2+.delta. Te, show magnetoresistance effects on a scale comparable
     to the ""colossal"" magnetoresistance (CMR) compounds. Hall coefficient,
     magnetoconductivity, and hydrostatic pressure experiments establish that
     elements of narrow-gap semiconductor physics apply, but both the size of
     the effects at room temperature and the linear field dependence down to
     fields of a few Oersteds are surprising new features."
"One or more multi-state magnetoresisitive memory elements (MRMEs) are used
     as the primary building block for various analog functional components
     implemented in corresponding analog functional modules. The MRMEs are
     configured into a memory array to create a programmable resistive element,
     a programmable voltage source, a programmable current source, an
     analog-to-digital converter (ADC), a digital-to-analog converter (DAC), a
     phase lock loop (PLL) and various other analog functional modules. The
     magnetoresistive analog functional modules are coupled together with at
     least one other logic module in a system to perform a process. When
     implemented on an IC, each module may each be implemented with the same or
     with different manufacturing processes. The other logic modules may be
     implemented in any desired manner, such as with magnetoresistive memory
     technology or any other type of technology providing complete system
     design flexibility. The system may be implemented on any one or more of
     integrated circuits (ICs), chips, multi-chip modules, printed circuit
     boards (PCBs), and the like."
"A magnetoresistive element comprises an exchange coupling film having a
     under layer, an antiferromagnetic film and a ferromagnetic film, which are
     laminated in that order, the under layer including a metal having a face
     centered cubic crystal structure or hexagonal closest packing crystal
     structure which have a longer nearest neighbor atomic distance than that
     of the antiferromagnetic film. With this construction, it is possible to
     improve the exchange coupling field and to satisfy a stable output over a
     long period of time. A magnetoresistive element having a dual spin valve
     structure has a magnetization adjusting layer, which is
     antiferromagnetically connected to a pinned layer via an anti-parallel
     connection layer, to adjust the value of the product of the saturation
     magnetization of each of the magnetization adjusting layer and the pinned
     layer by the thickness thereof. Moreover, a magnetoresistance head use a
     giant magnetoresistance effect, and has at least one pair of pinned layer
     and free layer arranged via a non-magnetic spacer layer. The pinned layer
     has a pair of ferromagnetic layers which have different compositions and
     different coercive forces and which are antiferromagnetically connected to
     each other via a connection layer, so that the effective exchange coupling
     field of the pinned layer is 200 Oe or more."
"A sensor device for detecting the direction of an external magnetic field
     using a magnetoresistive sensor element, includes a GMR multilayer system
     having at least one soft magnetic measurement layer, at least one harder
     bias layer and at least one nonmagnetic intermediate layer disposed
     therebetween. The sensor element is to include at least two element parts,
     the multilayer systems of which are constructed on a common substrate and
     the magnetization directions of which include an angle which is unequal to
     0.degree. or unequal to 180.degree. and the measurement signals of which
     are to be evaluated in common."
"A programmable seat back damper assembly for a motor vehicle includes a
     generally horizontal seat cushion portion and a generally upright back
     portion operatively connected to the seat cushion portion. The
     programmable seat back damper assembly includes a recliner for operative
     connection to the seat back portion and the seat cushion portion. The
     programmable seat back damper assembly also includes a damper for
     operative connection to the seat back portion and the seat cushion portion
     and having a magneto-rheological (MR) fluid therein."
"A dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element, and a method for
     fabricating the dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element. When
     fabricating the dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element while
     employing the method, there are employed two pair of patterned
     longitudinal magnetic biasing layers formed of a single longitudinal
     magnetic biasing material longitudinally magnetically biased in
     substantially anti-parallel directions. When longitudinally magnetically
     biasing the second pair of patterned longitudinal magnetic biasing layers
     there is employed a thermal annealing method employing a thermal annealing
     temperature, a thermal annealing exposure time and an extrinsic magnetic
     bias field strength such that the pair of longitudinally magnetically
     biased patterned first longitudinal magnetic biasing layers is not
     substantially demagnetized."
"The present invention is a wireless security system. Each alarm sensor
     contains three magnetoresistive sensors and that are capable of detecting
     the three-dimensional vector of a magnetic field. Preferably, the sensors
     detect the orientation of the door or window based upon the earth's
     magnetic pole. The three-dimensional vector output of the magnetoresistive
     sensors is received by a microprocessor on-board the alarm sensor. The
     microprocessor continuously compares the magnetoresistive sensors output
     with the maximum allowable position of the door or window. If the
     magnetoresistive sensors output exceeds the maximum allowable position,
     the microprocessor will signal an alarm, which is transmitted to the
     network controller via a transmitter on-board the alarm sensor. If an
     intruder attempts to disable or override a sensor, the alarm sensor will
     transmit a tamper signal to the network controller."
"A 3D MR image is acquired before injection of a contrast agent and an
     enhanced 3D image is acquired after injection of the contrast agent. The
     two images are registered and then subtracted to remove background and to
     highlight lesion voxels. Lesion objects are identified by connecting
     contiguous lesion objects. Volume and surface area of any continuous
     lesion object in a discrete digital image are then calculated. Malignant
     lesions are identified by determining the ratio of volume to surface area
     for each lesion object. Malignant tumors are identified when this ratio
     drops below a preset threshold."
"A direction of rotation detection apparatus and method using the outputs of
     a single differential sequential sensor employing two matched
     magnetostatic elements, ie., either Hall elements or magnetoresistors
     (MRs), to extract direction of rotation information from the passage of a
     single tooth edge of a target wheel. The two matched sensing elements are
     spaced in close proximity to each other, preferably on the order
     preferably of about 1 mm to about 2 mm apart, in the circumferential
     direction of the target wheel and generate two identical angularly offset
     signals from the passage of a single tooth edge of a target wheel which
     are input to a signal conditioning circuit. Within the signal conditioning
     circuit, the two sensor signals are differentially amplified to produce a
     differential signal whereby the polarity of the differential signal
     enables one of two comparators with respective reference voltages. The
     output of the enabled comparator is processed and converted into a digital
     output signal whose voltage level indicates the direction of rotation of
     the target wheel."
"A method and device for measuring electric currents in n conductors
     (n.gtoreq.2), the measurement of the currents being carried out with (n-1)
     magnetoresistive sensors. Reliable excess current and/or fault current
     protection is obtained."
"A longitudinal bias layer and an electrode layer are formed on a
     non-magnetic material layer. The longitudinal bias layer and the electrode
     layer are partially removed by an etching technique so that a narrow gap
     defining the track width Tw is formed in the longitudinal bias layer and
     the electrode layer. Furthermore, a three-layer film consisting of, from
     bottom to top, a magnetoresistance effect layer, a non-magnetic layer, and
     a transverse bias layer, or otherwise a spin valve film consisting of a
     free magnetic layer, a non-magnetic layer, a fixed magnetic layer and a
     bias layer is formed on the above structure. The three-layer film or the
     spin valve film is then partially removed by an etching technique so that
     the three-layer film or the spin valve film remains only in the
     above-described narrow gap formed in the longitudinal bias layer and the
     electrode layer. The shape of the side walls of the three-layer film or
     the spin valve film is precisely determined by the side walls of the
     longitudinal bias layer and the electrode layer. The resultant three-layer
     film or the spin valve film exhibits excellent magnetic detection
     characteristics. Furthermore, the longitudinal bias layer has good
     magnetic coupling with the magnetoresistance effect layer."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element and a method for fabricating the
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element. There is first provided a substrate.
     There is then formed over the substrate a first shield layer. There is
     then formed upon the first shield layer a first dielectric spacer layer.
     There is then formed upon the first dielectric spacer layer a patterned
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer. There is then formed adjacent to and
     electrically communicating with a pair of opposite ends of the patterned
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer a pair of patterned conductor lead layers to
     define a trackwidth of the patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer. There is
     then formed upon the pair of patterned conductor lead layers and upon the
     patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer at the trackwidth of the patterned
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer a blanket second dielectric spacer layer.
     Finally, there is then formed upon the blanket second dielectric spacer
     layer a second shield layer, where a first thickness of the blanket second
     dielectric spacer layer separating a patterned conductor lead layer within
     the pair of patterned conductor lead layers from the second shield layer
     is greater than a second thickness of the blanket second dielectric spacer
     layer separating the patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer from the second
     shield layer within the trackwidth of the patterned magnetoresistive (MR)
     layer. The method contemplates a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element
     fabricated in accord with the method."
"In the formation of an AlN film as a gap layer of a thin film magnetic
     head, the mean crystal grain size of the AlN film can be regulated in the
     range from 85 angstroms to 130 angstroms to improve the denseness of the
     film, by connecting a radio frequency power source also to a
     substrate-supporting unit and supplying bias power of 17 W to 40 W to the
     substrate-supporting unit. The AlN film can have, therefore, improved head
     dissipation, corrosion resistance against an alkali solution, higher
     hardness, higher surface resistance and lower surface roughness. There is
     also disclosed a thin film magnetic head comprising at least a
     magnetoresistive element layer formed on a lower shield layer with the
     interposition of a lower gap layer, a lead layer for imparting a sensing
     current to the magnetoresistive element layer, and an upper shield layer
     formed on the lead layer with the interposition of an upper gap layer, in
     which at least either of the lower and upper gap layers has an Al--N--X
     system insulating layer, the element X being at least one element selected
     from Si, B, Cr, Ti, Ta and Nb."
"In a composite magnetic head comprising a magnetoresistive read head
     including a magnetic thin film having a magnetoresistive effect and soft
     magnetic members interposing the soft magnetic film between them through a
     non-magnetic insulation layer, an induction type write head including
     poles formed in a moving direction of a medium and a conductor crossing
     the poles, and disposed in the proximity of the magnetoresistive head, and
     a substrate supporting these heads, the present invention discloses a
     composite magnetic head characterized in that part of a floating surface
     inclusive of the magnetic head constituent members has recesses and the
     read/write operations to and from the medium are effected by the portion
     interposed by these recesses."
"A system and method for selecting between two biasing modes for biasing
     magneto resistive heads in a disk drive. A mode selector selects either a
     voltage biasing circuit or a current biasing circuit to supply the bias
     voltage or bias current, respectively, to a magneto resistive head. The
     selection can be based on changes in parameters in the disk drive or
     magneto resistive heads during disk drive operation."
"A method constructs first and second seed layers of a seed layer structure
     in-situ for a top spin valve sensor for increasing magnetoresistive
     coefficient dr/R of the sensor, reducing a ferromagnetic coupling field
     H.sub.FC between pinned and free layers of the sensor and reducing
     coercivity H.sub.C of the free layer. The first layer, which is aluminum
     oxide (Al.sub.2 O.sub.3), is ion beam sputter deposited on a first shield
     layer in a sputtering chamber under a specified pressure. The second seed
     layer, which is nickel oxide based, is deposited on the first seed layer
     by ion beam sputter deposition without breaking the vacuum of the chamber.
     The free layer is then directly deposited on the second seed layer
     followed by formation of the remainder of the layers of the spin valve
     sensor. In one embodiment of the invention a read gap layer and the first
     seed layer are located between a first shield layer and the second seed
     layer while in the second embodiment of the invention the first seed layer
     is the only layer between the first shield layer and the second seed
     layer."
"A wireless coiled tubing joint locator for locating joints or collars in a
     production tubing string. An electromagnetic coil assembly or giant
     magnetoresistive digital field sensor senses the increased mass of a pipe
     joint, and provides a signal to an electric circuit which generates a
     signal received by a pilot solenoid valve. The solenoid valve momentarily
     opens a pilot passageway which activates a piston to close a circulation
     port in the joint locator, resulting in an increase in a surface pressure
     reading observable by the operator. In one embodiment, a rupture disk is
     provided so that pressure cannot be applied to any downhole tool below the
     joint locator prematurely. A seat sleeve prevents premature communication
     of fluid to the rupture disk but can be opened by dropping a ball into the
     joint locator. A second embodiment may be used for either logging or
     washing operations or both. The electronic circuit can provide a selected
     one of a plurality of time delays. A fixed test period in the circuit
     delays activation of the time delay so that the joint locator may be
     tested before it is run into the well. The electric circuit and power
     supply are provided in a removable case."
"A magnetoresistive write element having a greatly reduced stack height
     allowing construction of a smaller track width and tighter track width
     tolerances. The reduced stack height also produces improved magnetic flux
     flow properties in the write element leading to an improved magnetic
     fringing field in the write gap region The magnetoresistive write head
     includes an electrically conductive planar coil having a portion thereof
     extending between first and second poles. The first and second poles join
     one another to form a magnetic yoke which is closed at one end and open at
     the other. An insulation layer separates the coil from the first pole.
     Another layer of insulating material is formed into the coil, interspersed
     between the winds and having an upper surface which is flush with the
     upper surface of the coil. A thin layer of write gap material insulates
     the coil from the second pole. Since there is only a thin layer of write
     gap material between the coil and the second pole, rather than a thicker
     insulation layer, the topography of the second pole can be reduced. This
     lowers the stack height which allows the second pole to be constructed to
     define a smaller write gap with tighter tolerances."
"The equalizer is capable of generating an equalized output that is
     compensated in the non-linearity of the signal reproduced by an MR head
     and a reliable high-density magnetically recorded-signal reproducer. The
     equalizer of an FIR-type filter structure includes a plurality of delay
     elements for delaying an input signal by a certain period, a plurality of
     coefficient processing units provided to input or output taps of the delay
     elements, and an adder for obtaining the sum of the outputs of the
     coefficient processing units. The distortion of the reproduced waveform
     can be corrected by a relatively simple circuit structure by comparing the
     signal value inputted to the coefficient processing unit from each tap
     with a predetermined threshold level and changing the signal value and a
     coefficient value to be multiplied in accordance with the comparison
     result. Therefore, any one of various existing signal processing systems
     can be applied to the decoding of reproduced signals of an MR head having
     the non-linear characteristic."
"A helical scan magnetic recording/reproducing apparatus incorporating an MR
     head to serve as a reproducing magnetic head is arranged to convert data
     which is recorded on a magnetic tape into data in the form of DC-free code
     trains. The magnetic recording/reproducing apparatus is provided with a
     high-pass filter for attenuating low-frequency components of a reproduced
     signal detected by the MR head. Moreover, a demodulating circuit is
     provided which demodulates data in a state before data is converted into
     the DC-free code trains from the reproduced signal, in which the
     low-frequency components have been attenuated by said high-pass filter. As
     a result, noise (thermal asperities) in a low-frequency region caused when
     the magnetic tape and the MR head are brought into contact with each other
     is removed so that a reproduced output free from excessive noise is
     obtained. The high-pass filter is, for example, a rotary transformer
     mounted on rotational drum."
"An arrangement is disclosed for reading information from a record carrier.
     The arrangement comprises a read head having at least one
     magneto-resistive element (R.sub.mr), a first transistor (Tr.sub.1) and a
     second transistor (Tr.sub.2). The base of the first transistor (Tr.sub.1)
     is coupled to the emitter of the second transistor (Tr.sub.2) via a first
     capacitor (6). The base of the second transistor (Tr.sub.2) is coupled to
     the emitter of the first transistor (Tr.sub.1) via a second capacitor (8).
     The arrangement further comprises a non-linear transconductance amplifier
     (14) having first and second inputs coupled to the output terminals
     (10,12) of the arrangement, and having and inverting and non-inverting
     outputs coupled to the bases of the first and second transistor. The
     non-linear transconductance amplifier (14) is adapted to supply a control
     current at its inverting and non-inverting outputs in response to a
     voltage present across its inputs, such that for first and second input
     voltages resulting in first and second output currents, respectively, the
     first input voltage being larger than the second input voltage, the
     amplification factor of the transconductance means being larger for
     generating the first output current than for generating the second output
     current."
"For the offset calibration of a magnetoresistive angle sensor for the
     determination of the directions of magnetic fields, the sensor includes a
     Wheatstone bridge with at least four magnetoresistive resistors. The
     Wheatstone bridge receives an input signal at its input side, in
     particular an input voltage, and supplies an angle signal at its output
     side, in particular an angle voltage, in dependence on the direction of a
     magnetic field which acts on the Wheatstone bridge. The Wheatstone bridge
     includes a first and a second pair of mutually opposed, substantially
     parallel magnetoresistive resistors, the first and the second pair being
     arranged substantially at right angles to one another, while the direction
     of the magnetic field can be determined from the angle signal supplied by
     the Wheatstone bridge by means of an evaluation circuit. In a first step
     the Wheatstone bridge is acted upon by a direct magnetic field which is so
     aligned that it is neither substantially perpendicular to the
     magnetoresistive resistors of the first pair nor substantially
     perpendicular to the magnetoresistive resistors of the second pair of the
     Wheatstone bridge. In a second step the direct magnetic field is removed,
     and in a third step an evaluation circuit determines an offset calibration
     signal, the angle signal supplied by the Wheatstone bridge without direct
     magnetic field being a measure for the offset of the Wheatstone bridge."
"A method of manufacturing a near field light generating device is provided.
     A photoresist layer is formed on a transparent layer (123). Then,
     illumination light (L2) directed from the side of solid immersion lenses
     (11) passes through first openings (122a) and the transparent layer (123)
     to reach and expose the photoresist layer. After development of the
     photoresist layer, exposed parts of the photoresist remain as microscopic
     resist regions (MR) in positions corresponding to the first openings
     (122a). After a second opaque layer (124) is formed on the transparent
     layer (123) and the microscopic resist regions (MR), the microscopic
     resist regions (MR) are removed by a lift-off method to form second
     openings (124a) in the second opaque layer (124). The first openings
     (122a) are thus used as a photomask to form the second openings (124a).
     Therefore, a large number of microscopic openings (MO) having good product
     quality are formed accurately and easily as the near field light
     generating device."
"According to the another aspect of the invention, a magnetoresistance
     effect element having a magnetoresistance effect film which includes a
     crystal growth controlling layer as one of films therein, characterized in
     that a roughness along a boundary between films overlying said crystal
     growth controlling layer is smaller than a roughness along a boundary
     between films underlying said crystal growth controlling layer is
     provided. According to the another aspect of the invention, a
     magnetoresistance effect element comprising a free layer, pinned layer and
     a non-magnetic intermediate layer interposed between said free layer and
     pinned layer, characterized in further comprising a metal barrier layer
     provided adjacent to said first magnetic layer, and an electron reflecting
     layer located adjacent to said metal barrier layer and containing at least
     one selected from oxides, nitrides, carbides, fluorides, chlorides,
     sulfides and borides is also provided."
"A manufacturing method of a thin-film magnetic head with a spin valve
     effect MR read sensor includes a temperature-annealing step of firmly
     fixing the direction of the pinned magnetization in the spin valve effect
     MR sensor. The temperature-annealing step is executed by a plurality of
     times."
"A method and apparatus capable of interactively identifying and tracking
     the movement and orientation of a freely moving structure of interest is
     disclosed herein. The MR imaging system includes an operator interface for
     displaying three MR images that are oriented to and with each other in any
     pre-determined orientation including an intersecting orthogonal
     orientation and an intersecting radial orientation. The three MR images
     are continuously updated in real-time and acquired interleaved. The MR
     imaging system further includes interactive controls to prescribe a scan
     plane of at least one of the subsequent three MR images, to store at least
     one of the MR image, and to retrieve at least one of the stored MR image."
"A spin-valve type magnetoresistive thin film element includes at least one
     antiferromagnetic layer, a pinned magnetic layer in contact with the
     antiferromagnetic layer, a nonmagnetic electrically conductive layer
     formed on the pinned magnetic layer, with a free magnetic layer formed
     thereon, a bias layer for orienting the magnetization of the free magnetic
     layer to a direction intersecting the magnetization direction of the
     pinned magnetic layer, and an electrically conductive layer for supplying
     a sensing current to the pinned magnetic layer, the nonmagnetic
     electrically conductive layer and the free magnetic layer. The free
     magnetic layer is composed of a NiFe alloy film and has a thickness in a
     range of 30 to 100 .ANG.. When the composition of the NiFe alloy is
     properly determined, the magnetostriction constant of the free magnetic
     layer can be controlled to be -2.times.10.sup.-6 to 1.times.10.sup.-6, and
     more preferably -0.5.times.10.sup.-6 to 0, resulting in reduced
     anisotropic dispersion due to height direction due to the magnetoelastic
     effect. The element has reduced Barkhausen noise and a high rate of change
     in resistance."
"A disk drive comprises a magneto-resistive read head and an inductive write
     head for use with removable hard disk cartridges. A four-burst embedded
     servo is written and read to guide the servo-positioning of the
     magneto-resistive read head over data tracks recorded on the removable
     hard disk."
"A thin film magnetic head includes a lower shielding layer composed of a
     magnetic material; a nonmagnetic MR gap layer on the lower shielding
     layer; a magnetoresistive element layer in the MR gap layer facing a
     recording medium; a lower core layer composed of a magnetic material on
     the MR gap layer; an upper core layer composed of a magnetic material
     being opposed to the lower core layer with a nonmagnetic gap layer
     therebetween at the surface facing the recording medium; and a coil layer
     for inducing a recording magnetic field in the lower core layer and the
     upper core layer. Alternatively, a thin film magnetic head further
     includes a first magnetic material layer in the rear of the lower
     shielding layer, magnetically separated from the lower shielding layer. A
     method of fabricating the same is also disclosed."
"A thin film magnetic head having a good property and neither saturation nor
     leakage of a magnetic flux at a connection portion between a pole chip
     defining a record track width and a yoke portion is manufactured with a
     high yield and low cost. On a first magnetic layer formed on a substrate,
     is formed a magneto-resistive element embedded within a shield gap layer,
     a second magnetic layer constituting a top magnetic shield as well as a
     bottom pole is formed on the shield gap layer, and a first inorganic
     insulating layer having a given pattern and a write gap layer are
     successively formed thereon. A seed layer made of a conductive magnetic
     material is formed, a third magnetic layer constituting the pole chip is
     selectively formed by electroplating using the seed layer as an electrode,
     and a conductive layer constituting a thin film coil is formed by
     electroplating of copper while the seed layer is also used as an
     electrode. Then, portions of the seed layer are removed by ion beam
     etching, a second inorganic insulating layer supporting the thin film coil
     in an insulated and isolated manner is formed, a second layer thin film
     coil is formed, and a fourth magnetic layer is formed thereon such that a
     front end thereof is retarded from an air bearing surface. The air bearing
     surface is polished on the basis of a reference position of throat height
     zero defined by an inner edge of the first inorganic insulating layer on
     the side of the air bearing surface."
"A magnetoresistive sensor for use in detecting relative motion between the
     sensor and a further object bearing an alternating pattern of north/south
     magnetic poles. The sensor includes one or more pairs of magnetoresistive
     elements positioned so that each element within a pair magnetically
     complements the corresponding element in that pair. That is, whenever an
     element is exposed to a north pole of the magnetic pattern, a
     corresponding complementary element is exposed to a south pole so as to
     provide a magnetically complemented output. Such pair of complementary
     magnetoresistive elements are connected into a bridge circuit such that
     jitter effects caused by asymmetric magnetic fields and physical
     differences between sensor elements are cancelled. The quadrature sensor
     output is frequency multiplied to provide frequency multiplied output
     signals in quadrature. The sensing arrangement can be used, for example,
     in the context of a rotary encoder having a drum having a circumference
     covered with a magnetic track at a predetermined pitch, and may include a
     plurality of magnetoresistive elements positioned opposite the drum and
     connected in a bridge circuit such that when the drum rotates an output
     signal from the encoder indicates rotary motion of the drum."
"In a thin-film magnetic head manufacturing method and apparatus, lapping is
     continued until the MR height of a magnetoresistive sensor falls into a
     finish tolerance range and the lapping time from the beginning of lapping
     exceeds a predetermined time, thereby substantially reducing the recession
     between an ABS of a slider bar and a surface of a thin-film magnetic
     element opposing a recording medium."
"A magnetic head has a base, a magnetoresistive (MR) head section formed on
     the base and an inductive head section formed on the MR head section. The
     MR head section includes an MR element layer arranged above the base, and
     an operative layer involving a terminal layer and arranged above the base
     and laterally adjacent to the MR element layer. The major surface of the
     MR element layer is located in a level substantially identical to a major
     surface of the operative layer to form a generally even upper surface
     facing away from the base. Consequently, the inductive head section is
     provided with a generally flat recording gap layer."
"A magnetic signal reproducing apparatus which can lessen fluctuation of
     reproduced outputs in reproducing magnetic signals recorded in a magnetic
     tape by a magneto-resistance effect type magnetic head even if a magnetic
     tape sliding face of the magneto-resistance effect type magnetic head is
     abraded. A current value of a sense current when a voltage fluctuation
     level of the sense current caused when a magnetic field in the normal
     direction is applied to a magneto-resistance effect element of the
     magneto-resistance effect type magnetic head is equal with a voltage
     fluctuation level of the sense current caused when a magnetic field in the
     opposite direction is applied thereto is set to a predetermined value I0.
     Then, the current value of the sense current supplied to the
     magneto-resistance effect element of the magneto-resistance effect type
     magnetic head is set to be greater than I0 in reproducing the magnetic
     signals recorded in the magnetic tape."
"A process permits the determination of multi-dimensional distribution of
     magnetic fields. The process uses a magneto-resistive sensor as a physical
     measuring device. The measuring device is coupled with a method for
     algebraic reconstruction so that sectional images of the field
     distribution are calculated from individual measurements of the
     magneto-resistive effect using the algebraic reconstruction."
"An interleaved parallel MR bridge array is optimized for sensing fine pitch
     ring magnets and can be utilized to reduce ring magnet target size for
     wheel speed sensing applications."
"A seismic MR damper for providing controllable damping forces between a
     first structural member and a second structural member within large
     structures, such as buildings, bridges, etc. The seismic damper includes a
     damper body having a hollow cavity and at least one aperture, at least one
     piston rod slidably received within the aperture, a piston assembly
     attached to the at least one piston rod and axially moveable within, and
     subdividing, the said hollow cavity into a first fluid chamber and a
     second fluid chamber, a controllable passageway for controlling flow
     between the first fluid chamber and second fluid chamber, a
     magnetorheological fluid including soft-magnetic particles disbursed
     within a carrier liquid contained in said controllable passageway, first
     fluid chamber, and second fluid chamber, and a plurality of
     alternately-wound coils for generating a plurality of magnetic fields
     which are directed to act upon the magnetorheological fluid contained in
     said controllable passageway to generate rheology changes thereby
     restricting flow of the magnetorheological fluid through the controllable
     passageway."
"An apparatus and method for electronically controlling ordnance fuzes by
     sensing magnetic fields proximate the ordnance via a magnetic field
     sensor. The sensor is preferably a giant magnetoresistance detector. For
     spinning ordnance, in-flight cumulative range can be calculated by
     counting turns of the spinning ordnance. Ordnance may be armed a
     pre-determined time after exit of the ordnance from a weapon firing the
     ordnance as determined by the magnetic field sensor. The invention is also
     of a giant magnetoresistance sensor and method for making same and an
     apparatus for and method of sensing angular velocity for spinning
     ordnance."
"Within a method for forming a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element there is
     first provided a substrate. There is then formed over the substrate a
     first magnetoresistive (MR) layer having formed contacting the first
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer a magnetically biased first magnetic bias
     layer biased in a first magnetic bias direction with a first magnetic bias
     field strength. There is also formed separated from the first
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer by a spacer layer a second magnetoresistive
     (MR) layer having formed contacting the second magnetoresistive (MR) layer
     a magnetically un-biased second magnetic bias layer. There is then biased
     through use of a first thermal annealing method employing a first thermal
     annealing temperature, a first thermal annealing exposure time and a first
     extrinsic magnetic bias field the magnetically un-biased second magnetic
     bias layer to form a magnetically biased second magnetic bias layer having
     a second magnetic bias field strength in a second magnetic bias direction
     non-parallel to the first magnetic bias direction while simultaneously
     partially demagnetizing the magnetically biased first magnetic bias layer
     to provide a partially demagnetized magnetically biased first magnetic
     bias layer having a partially demagnetized first magnetic bias field
     strength less than the first magnetic bias field strength. Finally, there
     is then annealed thermally through use of a second thermal annealing
     employing a second thermal annealing temperature and a second thermal
     annealing exposure time without a second magnetic bias field: (1) the
     partially demagnetized magnetically biased first magnetic bias layer to
     form a remagnetized partially demagnetized first magnetic bias layer
     having a remagnetized partially demagnetized first netic bias field
     strength greater than the partially demagnetized first magnetic bias field
     strength; and (2) the magnetically biased second magnetic bias layer to
     form a further magnetically biased second magnetic bias layer having a
     further magnetized second magnetic bias field strength greater than the
     second magnetic bias field strength."
"The present invention provides a spin-valve magnetoresistive sensor
     comprising at least two ferromagnetic layers including a first and a
     second ferromagnetic layers. A first antiferromagnetic layer is layered
     adjacent to the first ferromagnetic layer for increasing the coercive
     force of the first ferromagnetic layer to pin the magnetization direction
     of the first ferromagnetic layer. A pair of second antiferromagnetic
     layers are respectively positioned adjacent to the longitudinal ends of
     the second ferromagnetic layer. Further, a pair of third ferromagnetic
     layers are respectively layered adjacent to said pair of second
     antiferromagnetic layers for inducing magnetic anisotropy to pin the
     magnetization direction of each third ferromagnetic layer in a direction
     perpendicular to the pinned magnetization direction of the first
     ferromagnetic layer, thereby imposing a longitudinal bias on the second
     ferromagnetic layer to stabilize magnetic domains therein in order to
     suppress Barkhausen noise. The magnetization direction of the second
     ferromagnetic layer remains free to rotate in accordance with the
     direction of an external magnetic field, thereby changing the electrical
     resistance of the sensor."
"Magnetic resonance imaging apparatus uses magnetic field gradients X, Y, Z
     to spatially encode the magnetic signals arising from a patient on a couch
     2 in bore 1 of a main magnet. Thermal stresses arising from aggressive
     gradients during multiple acquisitions result in imperfectly repeated
     gradients and resulting image artefacts. The invention uses a probe 4
     provided with a gradient coil set similar to that for imaging, and fed by
     currents derived from the imaging gradient coils, connected so as to
     produce an opposing gradient surrounding an MR active substance in the
     probe. This enables a probe with a sufficiently large amount of MR active
     substance to produce a useful signal to be used to monitor the gradient,
     while overcoming the de-phasing problem. which would otherwise occur.
     Closed loop control of gradients thereby becomes possible."
"A method of measuring magnetization direction of a MR device, includes a
     first step of obtaining both maximum electrical resistance values under
     positive and negative applied measurement magnetic fields onto the MR
     device biased by anti-ferromagnetic material, a second step of relatively
     rotating a basic axis of the MR device against a direction of the applied
     measurement magnetic field until both the maximum resistance values become
     comparatively the same, and a third step of obtaining a relative rotation
     angle between the basic axis of the MR device and the direction of the
     applied measurement magnetic field."
"The present invention relates to magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and
     includes a method and apparatus to track motion of anatomy or medical
     instruments, for example, between MR images. The invention includes
     acquiring a time series of MR images of a region of interest, where the
     region of interest contains the anatomy or structure that is prone to
     movement, and the MR images contain signal intensity variations. The
     invention includes identifying a local reference region in the region of
     interest of a reference image and acquired from the time series. The local
     reference region of the reference image is compared to that of the other
     MR images and a translational displacement is determined between the local
     reference region of the reference image and of another MR image. The
     translational displacement has signal intensity invariance and can
     accurately track anatomy motion or the movement of a medical instrument
     during an invasive procedure. The translational displacement can be used
     to align the images for automatic registration, such as in myocardial
     perfusion imaging, MR angiography, fMRI, or in any other procedure in
     which motion tracking is advantageous. Two implementations of the
     invention are disclosed, one in which a correlation coefficient is
     calculated and used to determine the translational displacement, and one
     in which the images are converted to a binary image by thresholding and
     after computation of a filtered cross-correlation, a signal peak is
     located and plotted as the translational displacement."
"A method for forming a giant magnetoresistive (GMR) sensor element, and a
     giant magnetoresistive (GMR) sensor element formed in accord with the
     method. In accord with the method, there is first provided a substrate.
     There is then formed over the substrate a seed layer formed of a
     magnetoresistive (MR) resistivity sensitivity enhancing material selected
     from the group consisting or nickel-chromium alloys and
     nickel-iron-chromium alloys. There is then formed over the seed layer a
     nickel oxide material layer. Finally, there is then formed over the nickel
     oxide material layer a free ferromagnetic layer separated from a pinned
     ferromagnetic layer in turn formed thereover by a non-magnetic conductor
     spacer layer, where the pinned ferromagnetic layer in turn has a pinning
     material layer formed thereover. The method contemplates a giant
     magnetoresistive (GMR) sensor element formed in accord with the method.
     The nickel oxide material layer provides the giant magnetoresistive (GMR)
     sensor element with an enhanced magnetoresistive (MR) resistivity
     sensitivity."
"A method and apparatus wherein a single dual element galvanomagnetic
     sensor, herein exemplified by a single dual element magnetoresistive
     sensor (16'), is utilized to sense crankshaft position and rotational
     speed from the passage of single tooth edges (12') of a target wheel (10')
     by continuous adaptive matching of both MR output signals (V.sub.MR1',
     V.sub.MR2') during sensor operation. Over a slot (28') or tooth (26'),
     both MR output signals should be equal, and if not, they are matched by
     adjusting the current of one of the current sources (30', 32') driving the
     MRs, performed over a slot or a tooth. Due to higher magnetic sensitivity
     at smaller air gaps, matching by current adjustment over a tooth is
     preferred. In a preferred embodiment of the present invention, one MR is
     driven by a constant current source (30') while the other MR is driven by
     a voltage controlled current source (32'). The output voltages of the MRs
     approximate the tooth pattern of the target wheel; they are high over a
     tooth and low over a slot. Hence, the signals over the teeth can be simply
     acquired by means of a peak detector (36a, 36b), one for each MR. The
     signals from the peak detectors are subtracted from each other in a
     comparator (36c), and then used as a control voltage (V.sub.C) for a
     voltage controlled current source changing its preset nominal current to a
     value that minimizes the mismatch of MR signals. If matching of MR signals
     over slots would be desired, valley detectors would be substituted for the
     peak detectors."
"An isolator having a driver circuit which responsive to an input signal
     drives appropriate signals into one or more coils which are magnetically
     coupled to one or more corresponding MR or GMR elements whose resistance
     is variable in response to the magnetic field applied by the coil(s), and
     an output circuit that converts the resistance changes to an output signal
     corresponding to the input signal. A Faraday shield is interposed between
     the coil(s) and the MR or GMR elements. Common mode transients applied to
     the driver are capacitively coupled from the coil(s) into the Faraday
     shield and therethrough to ground, instead of into the MR elements. A
     second Faraday shield may be disposed in spaced relationship with the
     first Faraday shield and referenced to the potential of the MR elements
     for even greater common mode rejection. The entire structure may be formed
     monolithically as an integrated circuit on a single substrate, for low
     cost, small size, and low power consumption. With proper driver and
     receiver circuits, the isolator may transmit either analog or digital
     signals."
"A method for forming a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element, and a
     magnetoresistive sensor element fabricated in accord with the method.
     There is first provided a substrate. There is then formed over the
     substrate a magnetoresistive (MR) layer comprising: (1) a bulk layer of
     the magnetoresistive (MR) layer formed of a first magnetoresistive (MR)
     material optimized to provide an enhanced magnetoresistive (MR)
     resistivity sensitivity of the magnetoresistive (MR) layer; and (2) a
     surface layer of the magnetoresistive (MR) layer formed of a second
     magnetoresistive (MR) material optimized to provide an enhanced magnetic
     exchange bias when forming a magnetic exchange bias layer upon the surface
     layer of the magnetoresistive (MR) layer. Finally, there is then formed
     upon the surface layer of the magnetoresistive (MR) layer the magnetic
     exchange bias layer. The method contemplates an magnetoresistive (MR)
     sensor element fabricated in accord with the method. The method is
     particularly useful for forming a dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR)
     sensor element by employing a single magnetic exchange bias material with
     separate blocking temperatures."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) imaging apparatus and technique exploits spatial
     information inherent in a surface coil array to increase MR image
     acquisition speed, resolution and/or field of view. Magnetic resonance
     response signals are acquired simultaneously in the component coils of the
     array and, using an autocalibration procedure, are formed into two or more
     signals to fill a corresponding number of lines in the signal measurement
     data matrix. In a Fourier embodiment, lines of the k-space matrix required
     for image production are formed using a set of separate, preferably linear
     combinations of the component coil signals to substitute for spatial
     modulations normally produced by phase encoding gradients. One or a few
     additional gradients are applied to acquire autocalibration (ACS) signals
     extending elsewhere in the data space, and the measured signals are fitted
     to the ACS signals to develop weights or coefficients for filling
     additional lines of the matrix from each measurement set. The ACS lines
     may be taken offset from or in a different orientation than the measured
     signals, for example, between or across the measured lines. Furthermore,
     they may be acquired at different positions in k-space, may be performed
     at times before, during or after the principal imaging sequence, and may
     be selectively acquired to optimized the fitting for a particular tissue
     region or feature size. The in vivo fitting procedure is readily automated
     or implemented in hardware, and produces an enhancement of image speed
     and/or quality even in highly heterogeneous tissue. A dedicated coil
     assembly automatically performs the calibration procedure and applies it
     to measured lines to produce multiple correctly spaced output signals. One
     application of the internal calibration technique to a subencoding imaging
     process applies the ACS in the central region of a sparse set of measured
     signals to quickly form a full FOV low resolution image. The full FOV
     image is then used to determine coil sensitivity related information and
     dealias folded images produced from the sparse set."
"A non-volatile RAM device is disclosed which utilizes a plurality of
     ferromagnetic bits (6) each surrounded by a coil of a write line (13) for
     directing the remnant polarity thereof is disclosed. The direction of
     magnetic remnance in each bit (6) is dictated by the direction of a
     current induced into write line (13). Further, a magneto sensor (7)
     comprising a magneto resistor (1) coupled to a pair of collectors (2a &
     2b) is placed approximate each bit (6). The magneto resistor (1) is
     coupled to a control circuit (30) for receiving current. The current
     passing across magneto resistor (1) is biased in a direction either right
     or left of the original current flow direction. The collectors are coupled
     to a pair of sense lines (4a & 4b), which are in turn, coupled to a
     voltage differential amplifier (12). The collector in the direction of
     biased current flow, will receive a greater number of electrons than the
     other collector, and therefore have a greater negative charge. This
     voltage differential is conducted through the sense lines (4a & 4b) to the
     voltage differential amplifier (12), where it is amplified and detected."
"A magneto-resistive read head having a ""parasitic shield"" provides an
     alternative path for currents associated with sparkovers, thus preventing
     such currents from damaging the read head. The parasitic shield is
     provided in close proximity to a conventional magnetic shield. The
     electrical potential of parasitic shield is held essentially equal to the
     electrical potential of the sensor element. If charges accumulate on the
     conventional shield, current will flow to the parasitic shield at a lower
     potential than would be required for current to flow between the
     conventional shield and the sensor element. Alternatively, conductive
     spark gap devices are electrically coupled to sensor element leads and to
     each magnetic shield. Each spark gap device is brought within very close
     proximity of the substrate to provide an alternative path for charge that
     builds up between the sensor element and the substrate to be discharged.
     The ends of the spark gaps that are brought into close proximity of the
     substrate are preferably configured with high electric field density
     inducing structures which reduce the voltage required to cause a sparkover
     between the spark gap device and the substrate."
"A tester to test operation of the electrical conductors of a heated window
     grid. The tester includes a giant magnetoresistive sensor passed over the
     grids to generate a varying electromagnetic signal. The electromagnetic
     signal is differentiated over the distance moved by the sensor by
     comparing the actual signal to a delayed version of a previous, actual
     signal. The actual and delay signal are subtracted to define a difference
     signal. The difference signal is then compared against thresholds to
     define high and low windows. The relative position of the high and low
     windows determines whether the sensor has passed over a properly
     functioning electrical conductor."
"A spin-valve film which enables a high output to be obtained and thermal
     stability to be improved without a necessity of reducing the thickness of
     films which constitute the spin-valve film, a spin valve type
     magnetoresistance-effect device and a magnetic head comprising the spin
     valve type magnetoresistance-effect device. A spin-valve film according to
     the present invention comprises a fixed layer in which a direction of
     magnetization is to be directed to substantially a predetermined
     direction; a non-magnetic layer; and a free layer in which a direction of
     magnetization is to be changed by an external magnetic field, wherein the
     free layer comprises at least a laminate film having a Ta film and a
     NiFeTa film."
"A method to form a passivation layer using an electrochemical process over
     a MR Sensor so that the passivation layer defines the MR track width. The
     passivation layer is formed by anodizing the MR sensor. The passivation
     layer is an electrical insulator (preventing Sensor current (I) from
     shunting through the overspray) and a heat conductor to allow MR heat to
     dissipate away from the MR sensor through the overspray. The method
     comprises: forming a passivation layer on the MR sensor; the passivation
     layer formed using an electrochemical process. Then we spinning-on and
     printing a lift-off photoresist structure over the passivation layer. The
     passivation layer is etched to remove the passivation layer not covered by
     the lift-off structure thereby defining a track width of the MR sensor.
     Then we deposit a lead layer over the passivation layer and MR sensor. The
     lift-off structure is removed where by the passivation layer defines a
     track width. The passivation layer is an electrical insulator that
     prevents sensor current (I) form shunting through overspray layers while
     allowing heat to dissipate through to the lead layer."
"The invention relates to a magnetic resonance method for determining a
     perfusion image of a portion, which method comprises the following steps:
     generation of a control pulse sequence in a first portion of the body and
     measurement of a control data set by generation of an MR-image sequence
     for imaging of an third portion of the body, generation of a labelling
     pulse sequence in a second portion of the body wherein a fluid flows
     towards the third portion, and measurement of the labelled data set by
     generation of the MR-image sequence for imaging the third portion of the
     body, and reconstruction of the perfusion image of the fluid in a mass of
     the third portion of the body from a combination of the control data set
     and the labelled data set. In order to reduce the geometric restrictions
     and compensate magnetic transfer effects, the labelling pulse sequence
     comprises a first selective RF pulse and a second RF pulse, the control
     pulse sequence comprises the first selective RF pulse and a third RF
     pulse, a phase of the second RF pulse being opposite to that of the third
     RF pulse."
"An object of the invention is to provide thin-film magnetic heads that meet
     specifications required by the customer in a short time and to improve
     yields of thin-film magnetic heads. In a thin-film magnetic head
     sub-structure of the invention, a bottom shield layer and a first portion
     of a top shield layer are placed in one plane, being insulated from each
     other. Portions of conductive layers to be connected to an MR element are
     placed in grooves formed between the bottom shield layer and the first
     portion of the top shield layer, being insulated by an insulating film
     from the bottom shield layer and the first portion. A thin-film coil is
     placed on a first portion of the top shield layer, an insulating layer
     being placed between the coil and the first portion. A thin-film magnetic
     head is completed by adding the MR element, a second portion of the top
     shield layer placed on top of the MR element, a recording gap layer, a top
     pole layer and so on."
"A magnetic head has a recording magnetic yoke on the side of an air bearing
     surface of which a recording magnetic gap film is interposed and a
     reproducing magnetic yoke on the side of an air bearing surface of which a
     reproducing magnetic gap film is interposed. The magnetic yoke can serve
     concurrently for recording/reproducing. A recording coil supplying a
     recording magnetic flux to a recording medium through a recording magnetic
     yoke is disposed along one main surface of a magnetic yoke. An MR element
     in which a signal magnetic flux is led from a recording medium through a
     reproducing magnetic yoke is disposed along the other main surface on
     opposite side from a recording coil of a magnetic yoke. Or, at least on
     extension of a film plane of a magnetic gap film, a ferromagnetic layer is
     disposed so as for a film plane to exist in almost perpendicular direction
     relative to the film plane. According to such a head structure,
     reproducing sensitivity decrease of the reproducing MR head due to noise
     or occurrence of recording fringe can be suppressed."
"A detector for the rotational angle of a motor and a small brushless or
     stepping motor having the detector built therein are disclosed. A sensor
     probe of the detector is provided with a wire configuration comprising a
     giant magnetoresistive element (sensor element) enabled to read a change
     in magnetic field up to at least 10 kOe, a first sensor lead and a second
     sensor lead connected one each to the opposite terminals of the
     magnetoresistive element, and an insulating layer interposed between the
     two sensor leads. The sensor probe of the detector is disposed inside a
     motor housing as approximated closely to the magnetic teeth of a rotor of
     the motor. The giant magnetoresistive element is formed of a magnetic
     particle dispersion type giant magnetoresistive material, an artificial
     lattice type giant magnetoresistive material, or a colossal
     magnetoresistive material."
"A method for preventing and controlling Arcing Across Thin Dielectric Film
     in sputtering and other process that generate electric fields and cause
     arcing across conductive structures. In a first embodiment, when the wafer
     is subjected to RF electric fields from a RF generating tool, the leads
     are oriented in a first direction which is perpendicular to the RF fields
     (in a second direction) generated by a RF generating tool (e.g., sputter
     tool). In a second embodiment, leads are shaped so that the leads extend
     on both sides of the ABS line so that the MR window 40 is close to the
     geometric center of the leads. In a third embodiment, an extraneous window
     or two extraneous windows are formed in a second dielectric layer under at
     least of a portion of a lead to that a ""hot spot"" area is created where
     arcing is more likely to occur."
"First and second antiparallel (AP) pinned layers of an AP pinned layer
     structure are cobalt iron (CoFe) which increases the GMR (magnetoresistive
     coefficient dr/R) of a spin valve sensor by 10% with improved magnetic
     stability over a spin valve sensor where the first and second AP pinned
     layers are cobalt (Co)."
"A magnetoresistive effect element 5 is physically configured such that the
     element width is at least three times as large as the element height. A
     plurality of domain control layers 11 to 13 are located between the
     magnetoresistive effect element 5 and a plurality of detecting electrodes
     8 to 10 in a state that the domain control layers 11 to 13 are closely
     formed on the magnetoresistive effect element 5. Each of the domain
     control layers 11 to 13 applies a unidirectional magnetic field to a
     region of the magnetoresistive effect element 5 vertically disposed in a
     guard band of the magnetic recording medium 4, the guard band having no
     information recorded therein. The unidirectional magnetic field is
     directed in an orientation of an initial magnetization in a single
     magnetoresistive effect element, the orientation of which depends on a
     direction of on an easy axis of the magnetoresistive effect element 5."
"An MR head includes a slider, and a film structure part which is located on
     an air outflow side of the slider and includes an MR element for
     reproducing. The film structure part has an end surface located on an
     identical side as a floating surface of the slider. The end surface of the
     film structure part and the floating surface of the slider form a
     step-like recess which has a depth making it possible to prevent a fine
     projection on a magnetic disk from hitting the end surface of the film
     structure part."
"The present invention provides a magnetic recording apparatus including a
     magnetic recording medium and a magneto-resistance effect (MR) element
     opposing to the magnetic recording medium, so that an information recorded
     on the magnetic recording medium is reproduced via the MR element, wherein
     if it is assumed that the MR element has a sheet resistance .rho.s, the
     magnetic recording medium has a sheet resistance .rho.s', and the magnetic
     recording medium generates a medium magnetic field having a resistance
     change ratio P, then the values .rho.s, .rho.s', and P are set to satisfy
     the relationship as follows: .rho.s'&gt;.rho.s/P."
"The present invention is a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor that combines a
     hard-biasing material with an underlayer of cubic-titanium-tungsten to
     improve the stability of the MR sensor. The permanency of the hard-biasing
     material affects both the transverse and longitudinal biasing of the MR
     sensor, which in turn affects the stability of the MR sensor. The
     stability of the hard-biasing material is improved by combining it with an
     underlayer of cubic-titanium-tungsten. The underlayer enhances the
     hard-biasing material by improving the longitudinal magnetic anisotropy,
     the coercivity, and the in-plane squareness of the hard-biasing material.
     The combination of hard-biasing material and cubic-titanium-tungsten
     underlayer can be used in a variety of MR sensor embodiments, specifically
     an abutted junction or an overlaid structure. The method of making the
     abutted junction or overlaid structures is also improved by using
     cubic-titanium-tungsten as the underlayer of the hard-biasing material.
     The cubic-titanium-tungsten underlayer can be deposited at temperatures
     which are normal for the manufacturing of MR sensors, thus extra process
     steps are not needed. In addition, the process is more consistent and
     reliable."
"A dual active element magnetoresistive tape read head uses weak biasing of
     active layers to reduce Barkhausen noise. The read head includes a first
     insulator layer. A first active magnetoresistive layer is built on the
     first insulator layer. A second insulator layer is built on the first
     active magnetoresistive layer. A second active magnetoresistive layer is
     on the second insulator layer. The second active magnetoresistive layer is
     magnetostatically coupled to the first active magnetoresistive layer. A
     third insulator layer is on the second active magnetoresistive layer. At
     least one insulator layer is a biasing layer comprised of an electrically
     nonconductive antiferromagnetic material."
"The magnetoresistance effect element is of a multilayered structure having
     at least magnetic layers and an intermediate layer of an insulating
     material, a semicondutor or an antiferromagnetic material against the
     magnetic layers, and the magneto-resistance effect element has terminals
     formed at least on the opposite magnetic layers, respectively, so that a
     current flows in the intermediate layer. The film surfaces of all the
     magnetic layers constituting the magnetoresistance effect element are
     opposed substantially at right angles to the recording surface of a
     magnetic recording medium. Therefore, the area of the magnetic layers
     facing the recording surface of the magnetic recording medium can be
     extremely reduced, and thus the magnetic field from a very narrow region
     of the high-density recorded magnetic recording medium can be detected by
     the current which has a tunneling characteristic and passes through the
     intermediate layer."
"A giant magnetoresistive spin valve read sensor includes a bilayer seed
     layer and a stack of films. The bilayer seed layer includes a TaN seed
     layer and a NiFeCr seed layer. The stack of films includes a free layer
     adjacent the NiFeCr seed layer, a pinning layer, a pinned layer positioned
     between the free layer and the pinning layer, and a spacer layer
     positioned between the free layer and the pinned layer. The bilayer seed
     layer is used to promote the texture and grain growth of each of the
     layers subsequently grown upon the seed layer. The free layer has a
     rotatable magnetic moment, while the pinned layer has a fixed magnetic
     moment. The resistance of the giant magnetoresistive spin valve read
     sensor varies as a function of an angle formed between the magnetization
     of the free layer and the magnetization of the pinned layer."
"A method makes an inverted merged MR head with a second pole tip which is
     self-aligned with a top first pole tip. After forming a bottom first pole
     tip layer, a top first pole tip is frame plated thereon with a width that
     defines a track width of the merged MR head. A photoresist layer, which is
     employed in the frame plating of the top first pole tip, is then soft
     baked which causes a photoresist opening above the top first pole tip to
     have sloping side edges which form a recess. An electrically-conductive
     sacrificial layer, such as copper, is then plated into the recess on top
     of the top first pole tip and the photoresist is removed. A forming layer,
     such as alumina, is then deposited and lapped so that the forming layer
     and the sacrificial layer have top surfaces that are flush with respect to
     one another. The sacrificial layer is then removed by an etchant that will
     not attack the materials of the pole tips and the forming layer. The
     forming layer now has a recess with sloping edges into which a gap layer,
     a seedlayer and a second pole tip layer are deposited. By this method the
     second pole tip is self-aligned with the top first pole tip with the
     second pole tip having a bottom that is substantially the same width as
     the top of the top first pole tip."
"A material is provided for the first shield and/or second shield/first pole
     piece layer of a merged MR head. The material employed is nickel cobalt
     (Ni.sub.70 Co.sub.30) (wt. %) or a nickel iron cobalt alloy. In a second
     shield/first pole piece layer a further preferred embodiment is first and
     second layers wherein the first layer is nickel cobalt or a nickel iron
     cobalt alloy and the second layer is a laminate of a high magnetic
     material, such as iron nitride (FeN) laminated with aluminum oxide
     (Al.sub.2 O.sub.3). The nickel cobalt or nickel iron cobalt alloy layers
     have a higher intrinsic anisotropic (H.sub.K) and can better withstand the
     processing fields employed during the various annealing steps in the
     construction of the head. Accordingly, the magnetic domains of the first
     and second shield layers do not change position from a desired parallel
     position to the ABS. By maintaining their parallel position, applied
     fields during the operation of the head, such as from the write head or
     the media, does not move the domain walls around to cause Barkhausen
     noise. The high magnetic moment laminated layer for the second
     shield/first pole piece layer serves as a good first pole piece flux
     conducting layer for the write head portion of the magnetic head.
     Accordingly, the second shield/first pole piece layer serves two
     functions, namely a stable shield for the read head and conducting flux
     for the write head."
"A magnetoresistive magnetic field sensor comprises a bilayer with a first
     soft magnetic layer and in direct contact therewith a second soft magnetic
     layer. The layers are exchange coupled to one another. The second soft
     magnetic layer is located below, on or in the first soft magnetic layer in
     a meandering, spiraling or suchlike structure. The electrical resistivity
     of the first soft magnetic layer is higher than that of the second soft
     magnetic layer, while the difference in electrical resistivity between
     both soft magnetic layers is at least a factor of 10, preferably a factor
     of 100. The magnetoresistive magnetic field sensor is applied in a
     magnetic read head device for a recording information system."
"In a composite magnetic head comprising a magnetoresistive read head
     including a magnetic thin film having a magnetoresistive effect and soft
     magnetic members interposing the soft magnetic film between them through a
     non-magnetic insulation layer, an induction type write head including
     poles formed in a moving direction of a medium and a conductor crossing
     the poles, and disposed in the proximity of the magnetoresistive head, and
     a substrate supporting these heads, the present invention discloses a
     composite magnetic head characterized in that part of a floating surface
     inclusive of the magnetic head constituent members has recesses and the
     read/write operations to and from the medium are effected by the portion
     interposed by these recesses."
"A device that can sense small changes in distance between opposed surfaces
     includes a ferromagnetic material and a giant magneto resistance effect
     sensor. A current source applies a current to the sensor to operate the
     sensor and read the magnetic field that impinges on the sensor from the
     ferromagnetic material. The magnetic field changes when the distance
     between the opposed surfaces changes. The device can be used in imaging
     apparatus to sense multifeeds and other conditions."
"A system for quantitative computer graphic determination of positions on a
     patient's anatomy and positions on associated equipment located near the
     patient's anatomy in relation to anatomical data, as from CT or MR
     scanning. A first camera produces a quantitative electronic readout of its
     field-of-view which provides a determination of relative spacial
     coordinates of uniquely identifiable points in its field-of-view. A second
     camera produces a quantitative electronic readout of its field-of-view
     which provides a determination of relative spacial coordinates of uniquely
     identifiable points in its field-of-view. The two cameras are located with
     respect to the patient's anatomy and the associated equipment so that the
     fields-of-view of the cameras include both the patient's anatomy and the
     equipment, but are taken from different directions. A body marker is
     positioned with respect to the patient's anatomy at a known position
     relative to said patient anatomy. The body marker has known coordinates in
     a stereotactic coordinate system that is established relative to the
     patient's anatomy so that the coordinates of all identifiable points in
     the fields of view of the two cameras can be determined relative to the
     stereotactic coordinate system and related to imaging data."
"A seed layer is provided between a first read gap layer and a free layer of
     a spin valve sensor for increasing the magnetoresistive coefficient dr/R
     of the sensor by improving the microstructure of the free layer. The seed
     layer may be a nickel iron oxide (NiFeO) material or a cobalt niobium
     (CoNb) based material. In other embodiments of the invention a buffer
     layer is located between the seed layer and the free layer for still
     further increasing the magnetoresistive coefficient dr/R of the sensor by
     further improving the microstructure of the free layer. The buffer layer
     may be tantalum (Ta) or copper (Cu)."
"Systems and methods for protecting a MR head against ESD are described. The
     MR head may be automatically and repeatedly shorted (and consequently
     disabled) whenever the MR head is not required to be operable (e.g., any
     time after final installation or during testing). The MR head may be
     coupled to a support assembly that is configured to connect to an actuator
     assembly. The support assembly includes a shorting mechanism that
     automatically shorts the MR head upon disconnection of the support
     assembly from the actuator assembly, regardless of the orientation of the
     support assembly, and automatically unshorts the MR head upon connection
     of the support assembly to the actuator assembly. In particular, the
     support assembly includes a deformable surface characterized by a relaxed
     state in which the MR head is shorted and a deformed state the MR head is
     unshorted, wherein the MR head may be repeatedly shorted and unshorted by
     repeatedly relaxing and deforming the deformable surface. The deformable
     surface may carry first and second inputs configured to be coupled
     electrically to the MR head, wherein the two support assembly inputs are
     shorted together when the deformable surface is relaxed and are unshorted
     when the deformable surface is deformed."
"A read-write head is capable of suppressing fluctuation on a reproduced
     waveform caused by repetition of a writing and reading operation, and is
     capable suppressing noise appearing in the reproduced waveform just after
     a writing operation is carried out. The read-write head has an upper
     magnetic core, an upper shield also serving as an lower magnetic core, a
     lower shield and a magnetoresistive film arranged between the upper shield
     and the lower shield. The upper shield has a soft magnetic film having a
     magnitude of anisotropy field of 5 to 30 Oe, or is a multilayer film
     composed of a high saturation magnetic flux density film and a negative
     magneto-striction film. The lower shield has a soft magnetic film having a
     magnitude of anisotropy field of 5 to 30 Oe."
"A read system for reading information from a storage medium and for
     providing an output signal to circuitry external from the read system is
     disclosed. The read system includes individual channel circuitry, a bias
     current generator for providing a bias current to the read system, and
     preamplifier circuitry connected between the bias current generator and
     the individual channel circuitry. The individual channel circuitry further
     includes a first and a second magnetoresistive element, a first and a
     second transistor, and a first and a second switch. The preamplifier
     circuit further includes a first and a second capacitor connected between
     a low potential and the first and second switches, respectively, and a
     third capacitor connected between the first and second capacitors. The
     preamplifier also includes a first and a second operational amplifier
     having an output connected to a base of the first transistor and a base of
     the second transistor. respectively, and a feedback unit connected to the
     bias current generator."
"A magnetic field sensor comprising a layered structure (3) E/F.sub.o /S/F,
     in which:
E is an exchange-biasing layer, comprising nickel oxide;
F.sub.o is a ferromagnetic layer with a fixed magnetization, comprising
     cobalt;
S is a spacer layer;
F.sub.f is a ferromagnetic layer with a free magnetization, whereby the
     material of the layer F.sub.f has a magnetostriction constant of at most
     1.5.times.10.sup.-6 and a crystal anisotropy of at most 1.3 J/m.sup.3.
     Such a structure (3) demonstrates a relatively high magneto-resistance
     ratio (of the order of 15%), and yet a relatively low coercivity (of the
     order of 0.2 kA/m). Examples of suitable materials for use in the layer
     F.sub.f include Ni.sub.66 Fe.sub.16 Co.sub.18 and Ni.sub.72 Fe.sub.21
     Co.sub.7."
"A spacing between a transducer head and disk surface in a disk drive's
     head-disk interface is monitored. The transducer head includes a magneto
     resistive element. The surface of the disk includes a region containing at
     least one asperity extending from the surface to have a height. The
     transducer head is placed over the region containing the at least one
     asperity, and the disk is rotated. A determination is then made as to
     whether the transducer head contacts the at least one asperity."
"A method to form a passivation layer over a MR Sensor so that the
     passivation layer defines the track width. The passivation layer is formed
     simultaneously with the development of the lift off structure in a novel
     developing/oxidizing solution that oxidizes the MR sensor and develops the
     photoresist. The passivation layer is an electrical insulator that
     prevents sensor current from shunting through the overspray of the leads
     and a heat conductor to allow MR heat to dissipate through the overspray.
     The method comprises: spinning-on and printing a lift-off photoresist
     structure over the MR sensor. Next, the lift-off photoresist structure is
     developed. The MR sensor is anodized in a developing/oxidizing solution
     to: (1) remove portions of the lower photoresist and (2) to form a (e.g.,
     thin NiFeO) passivation layer on the MR layer at least partially under the
     upper photoresist layer. The passivation layer is etched to remove the
     passivation layer not covered by the lift-off structure. Then, a lead
     layer is deposited over the passivation layer and MR sensor. The lift-off
     structure is removed."
"The present invention comprises a device and method for targeted drug
     delivery, and especially intracranial inflsion or retroperfusion drug
     delivery using nonlinear magnetic stereotaxis in combination with magnetic
     resonance (MR) imaging and/or X-ray visualization. An MR-visible and/or
     X-ray visible drug delivery device is positioned by non-linear magnetic
     stereotaxis at a site such as an intracranial target site, its location is
     verified via MR imaging, and it is then used to deliver a biologically
     active material such as a diagnostic or therapeutic drug solution into
     that site (such as the brain) at constant or variable rates. The spatial
     distribution kinetics of the injected or infised drug agent may be
     monitored quantitatively and non-invasively using real-time MR-imaging
     such as water proton directional diffusion MR imaging, to establish the
     efficacy of targeted drug delivery."
"A tamper-resistant Hard-WORM data storage system and a magneto-optical
     storage disk therefor is disclosed. The disk has a plurality of sectors
     thereon containing one or more uniquely formatted fields to provide an
     indication that the disk is a Write-Once Read Many (WORM) disk. A motor is
     provided in the storage system for rotating the disk at an operational
     rotational speed and a laser read/write (R/W) head unit is provided for
     reading and writing information in the sectors. A read/write (R/W) control
     unit within the storage system controls read and write operations on the
     disk in response to commands from an external data processing device, such
     as a computer. The R/W control unit is adapted to decode the one or more
     uniquely formatted fields in order to read and correctly interpret
     information contained therein. In an additional aspect of the disclosure,
     the R/W control unit disables erase operations in sectors containing
     uniquely formatted fields but allows such operations in sectors that do
     not contain such fields in order to permit calibration testing and the
     maintenance of media defect lists, first available sector lists and the
     like."
"A system and method for programming a magnetoresistive memory array by
     applying current on a memory line aligned along the easy axis of the
     memory array, where the current generates a magnetic field that is
     independently sufficient to program at least two multi-state
     magnetoresistive memory elements coupled along the memory line. The memory
     array may be organized as one or more column memory lines along the easy
     axis and one or more row memory lines along a hard axis. In this
     configuration, the column drive circuitry includes a current source for
     each column memory line that is capable of programming all of the memory
     elements along the respective column memory line. Each column current
     source may assert a lesser or medium current level that generates a
     magnetic field that is insufficient alone to program the logic state of
     any memory element in the memory array. The medium current level, however,
     is sufficient to program each memory element along the corresponding
     column memory line when the memory element is also coupled along a row
     memory line that also receives a medium level current from a corresponding
     row current source. Each column current source may be one multi-state
     current source or may be several current sources to apply the appropriate
     programming current levels. The entire memory array may be programmed in
     one write operation by asserting an appropriate current level on each
     column and row memory line."
"A thin film shielded magnetic read head device comprises an end face
     extending in a first direction, in which a magnetic information carrier is
     movable with respect to the magnetic head device, and in a second
     direction, perpendicular to said first direction. The magnetic head device
     further comprises shield forming flux guiding elements for magnetic
     cooperation with the information carrier, which elements extend in the
     second direction and in a third direction, perpendicular to the first and
     the second direction. A number of magnetoresistive elements each having a
     spin tunnel junction structure is provided, which number of
     magnetoresistive elements corresponds to with the number of magnetic
     channels of the magnetic head device. One of said shields forms a common
     contact lead for the current through said magnetoresistive elements. Thin
     film magnetic read head device is applied in a system for reading
     information from a magnetic information carrier."
"A triple antiparallel (AP) coupled free layer structure is located between
     first and second pinned layer structures in a dual spin valve sensor. The
     triple AP coupled free layer structure includes first, second and third
     antiparallel (AP) coupled ferromagnetic free layers and nonmagnetic first
     and second antiparallel (AP) coupling layers. The first AP coupling layer
     is located between and interfaces the first and second AP coupled free
     layers and the second AP coupling layer is located between and interfaces
     the second and third AP coupled free layers. Magnetic moments of the first
     and third AP coupled free layers are parallel with respect to one another
     and, because of a strong antiparallel coupling, the second AP coupled free
     layer pins magnetic moments of the first and third AP coupled free layers
     antiparallel thereto. In a preferred embodiment the first and third AP
     coupled free layers are cobalt based for promoting a high
     magnetoresistance of the sensor and the second AP coupled free layer is
     nickel iron based for promoting sensitivity of the free layer structure to
     signal fields."
"A multi-state preamplifier having a first detector and a second detector
     provides voltage-sensing and current-sensing signal amplification,
     respectively. Either the first detector or the second detector is selected
     and switched active at any given time, producing an amplified signal
     representing either the signal voltage developed across the MR element or
     the signal current flowing through the MR element, respectively. The
     switching process to activate either the first detector or the second
     detector is carried out by a detector determining circuit connected to a
     disk drive control unit. The detector giving the optimum high frequency
     bandwidth for the preamplifier is chosen based on the resistance of the MR
     element coupled with the input interconnect network characteristic and
     parasitic impedances."
"A method for adjusting a sensor so that its output signal will indicate a
     tooth edge location coinciding with the nominal center line of the sensor,
     or coinciding with any other specified point on the face of the sensor.
     The proposed method applies to all types of sensors (magnetic and
     otherwise) which rely on the comparison between input and reference
     signals to generate a binary output signal. As a part of the manufacturing
     process, each sensor is oriented and located with respect to a stationary
     segment of a target wheel identical to that which will be subsequently
     used in operation. It is preferred for the segment to include a portion of
     a tooth, a portion of a slot, and one tooth edge specified as either
     falling or rising. The tooth edge is precisely aligned with the centerline
     of the sensor at a desired offset angle with respect to the actual tooth
     edge measured from the center of the target wheel. Now the reference level
     is adjusted until the output signal switches state. For example, in a
     paired MR sensor wired in parallel with first and second resistors, one of
     the resistors is laser trimmed until the output signal switches state.
     Similarly, instead of the reference signal, the DC offset of the input
     signal can be adjusted to achieve the same goal."
"An electrical pickup for use with a stringed musical instrument is
     disclosed, as well as a stringed musical instrument employing such a
     pickup. The pickup is formed of a plurality of magnetoresistive elements,
     whose electrical resistance decreases as the magnitude of a surrounding
     magnetic field increases. A first pair of the magnetoresistive elements
     form two opposite legs of a Wheatstone bridge, and a second pair forms the
     remaining legs. The magnetoresistive elements forming the two pairs are
     electrically opposite one another, but are physically located side by
     side. The first pair is located on a first side of the vibrating string,
     and the second pair is located on the other side. A magnetic field is
     established which interacts with the magnetoresistive elements. The pickup
     is positioned so that the vibration of the string causes perturbations in
     the magnetic field, which in turn alter the resistance of the
     magnetoresistive elements. When a DC voltage is applied across the input
     terminals of the Wheatstone bridge, an output voltage signal is developed
     across the output terminals that varies with the changing resistance of
     the magnetoresistive elements. Because the resistance of the
     magnetoresistive elements changes with the instantaneous position of the
     vibrating string, the output voltage is representative of the vibration of
     the string."
"The present invention relates to an artificial latticed multi-layer film
     deposition apparatus for depositing on a substrate a gigantic
     magneto-resistive effect film (GMR film) having an artificial lattice
     structure formed of magnetic metal films and non-magnetic metal films
     alternately laminated one over the other and its object is to provide the
     artificial latticed multi-layer film deposition apparatus to enable easy
     and secure deposition of an artificial latticed multi-layer film having
     GMR characteristics. In order to achieve the above object, an artificial
     latticed multi-layer film deposition apparatus of the present invention
     comprises a target (23) having a magnetron magnet (25) on the bottom
     surface thereof, a cylindrical chimney (26) covering at least the above
     target (23) and leaving the end thereof situated opposite to the target
     (23) open and a chimney top (29) that closes by sealing the end of the
     chimney (26) left open and also has a chimney top opening (30) on the
     surface thereof opposing to the target (23), in which, at the time when a
     substrate (33) passes above the chimney top (29), molecules are generated
     from the upper surface of the target (23) in the form of a plasma ring
     (34a, 34b) and sputtered on the substrate (33) for film deposition."
"A capping layer including thin films of ruthenium (Ru) and a metallic oxide
     are employed with a spin valve sensor for maintaining the MR coefficient
     (dr/R) of the spin valve sensor after being subjected to annealing steps
     which simulate hard balance of the photoresist layers in the insulation
     stack of a write head."
"Inhomogeneity of the radio-frequency (RF) field B.sub.1 interferes with
     imaging methods such as fat saturation which are sensitive to variations
     in the tip angle achieved by an RF pulse. In addition, in the common case
     in which the MR signal is received through the same coil used for
     excitation, the RF field is a measure of the receiver coil sensitivity. If
     the RF field can be measured, RF pulses could be designed specifically to
     counteract the inhomogeneity of the RF field. Additionally, maps of the RF
     field could be used as coil sensitivity maps, which may be used for image
     intensity correction. A phase-sensitive method of B.sub.1 mapping is
     presented which is applicable over a wide range of RF inhomogeneity
     corresponding to flip angles ranging from about 45 to 135 degrees. This
     method requires two or three acquisitions in addition to the acquisition
     of a main-field (B.sub.0) field map."
"Magnetically-induced, super-resolution (MSR), magneto-optical (MO)
     information storage media having improved tribological properties when
     used in high-density storage devices employing very small head flying
     heights are formed by providing a protective flash layer overcoat
     (FLO)/lubricant topcoat layer system on the media surface. Embodiments of
     the present invention include forming the FLO layer of an amorphous,
     abrasion-resistant, carbon-based, diamond-like material not greater than
     about 10 .ANG. thick and selected from CN.sub.x, CH.sub.x, and CN.sub.x
     H.sub.y, and providing the lubricant topcoat as an about 15-25 .ANG. thick
     layer of a fluoropolyether or perfluoropolyether compound, e.g.,
     perfluoropolyethylene (PFPE)."
"In a magnetoresistive effect composite head, magnetic shields oppose each
     other on a slider main body made of a ceramic material through a
     predetermined gap, and a magnetoresistive effect element is sandwiched and
     stacked between the magnetic shields with a magnetic spacer layer made of
     an insulator. A recording head portion uses one of the magnetic shields as
     a first magnetic pole, and has a second magnetic pole formed on a surface
     of the first magnetic pole opposite to the magnetoresistive effect element
     through a magnetic gap, to record information on a recording medium by
     means of a magnetic field generated in the magnetic gap. The
     magnetoresistive effect element includes a central region made of a
     spin-valve element to sense a medium field, and end regions for supplying
     a bias field and a current to the central region. The second magnetic pole
     is constituted by a stacked film of first and second magnetic films having
     different saturation magnetizations. The first and second magnetic films
     are close to and far from the magnetic gap, respectively. The saturation
     magnetization of the first magnetic film is set to a value larger than
     that of the second magnetic film. A method of manufacturing the above head
     is also disclosed."
"In a method of efficiently and promptly mass-producing a combination type
     thin film magnetic head having accurately defined short throat height,
     apex angle, and MR height or the like and capable of reducing the
     saturation and leakage of magnetic flux even if a magnetic pole portion is
     miniaturized, a recessed portion is formed in a surface of a substrate,
     while a first magnetic layer constituting a lower shield for the GMR
     element is used as a mask. A second magnetic layer is formed along an
     inner wall of the recessed portion. A thin film coil is formed thereon in
     an isolated state, and a surface is flattened to constitute a common unit
     for manufacturing combination type thin film magnetic heads. A number of
     common units are manufactured and stocked without any relationship to
     users' specifications. Afterwards, according to user's specification, a
     third magnetic film connected with the second magnetic film and
     constituting a bottom pole is formed so as to have a thick portion
     adjacent to the air bearing surface and a thick portion adjacent to the
     second magnetic layer. After a step formed between these portions is
     buried with an insulating spacer layer and a surface is flattened, a flat
     fourth magnetic layer constituting a write gap layer and a top pole is
     formed. Finally, the air bearing surface is polished, while the step
     between the thick and thin portions of the third magnetic film is used as
     a reference position of throat height zero."
"A longitudinal bias structure to be placed adjacent a ferromagnetic free
     layer or a sense layer which is responsive to an external magnetic field
     and belongs to a magnetic sensor, for example a magnetic readback sensor
     such as an anisotropic magnetoresistive (AMR) sensor, giant
     magnetoresistive (GMR) sensor such as GMR spin valve sensor or GMR
     multilayer sensor or in tunnel valve sensor. The longitudinal bias
     structure is built up of a top ferromagnetic bias layer of first thickness
     t.sub.1 having a first magnetic moment M.sub.1, a bottom ferromagnetic
     bias layer of second thickness t.sub.2 having a second magnetic moment
     M.sub.2 which is anti-parallel to first magnetic moment M.sub.1 of the top
     ferromagnetic bias layer, and an exchange-coupling layer disposed between
     the top and bottom bias layers. In this configuration the top
     ferromagnetic bias layer and the bottom ferromagnetic bias layer are
     antiferromagnetically coupled by the exchange-coupling layer and the
     remnant magnetization thickness product of the bias structure is desirably
     low and equal to M.sub.1 t.sub.1 -M.sub.2 t.sub.2. The longitudinal bias
     structure can further include an antiferromagnetic layer next to one of
     the ferromagnetic bias layers to provide a pinned longitudinal bias
     structure."
"a magnetic head with a head face includes a multilayer structure with a
     flux guide, a magnetoresistive sensor, and an intermediate layer present
     between the flux guide and the sensor. The intermediate layer includes an
     anti-ferromagnetic oxide which insulates the sensor from the flux guide
     and also magnetically biases the sensor."
"An inductive/MR composite type thin-film magnetic head. In one embodiment,
     the inductive/MR composite type thin-film magnetic head is equipped with
     an inductive head used for writing. The inductive head includes an
     insulating film and a conductive coil that are laminated between upper and
     lower magnetic films. The inductive/MR composite type thin-film magnetic
     head also includes a magnetic resistance (MR) head used for read-out. The
     inductive/MR composite type thin-film magnetic head is characterized by
     the fact that a distance L between [i] the upper and lower magnetic poles,
     which face each other across a magnetic gap at the tip ends of the
     aforementioned upper and lower magnetic films and [ii] the point where the
     aforementioned upper and lower magnetic films are joined together has the
     relationship of L&lt;8400/X, with respect to the desired data transmission
     rate X (Mbit/sec) of the aforementioned thin-film magnetic head. In one
     embodiment, L is less than or equal to 60 microns."
"A method and system for providing a voltage-sensing preamplifier for use
     with a magnetoresistive sensor is disclosed. The method includes providing
     a gain stage and providing a control circuit. The system includes the gain
     stage and the control circuit. The gain stage includes at least one input
     device that is coupled with the magnetoresistive sensor through an
     interconnect having a characteristic impedance. The at least one input
     device has a first input impedance. The control circuit provides at least
     one signal to the at least one input device. The at least one signal
     controls the first input impedance of the at least one input device to
     control a second input impedance of the voltage-sensing preamplifier, such
     that the preamplifier input impedance is modified toward the
     characteristic impedance of the interconnect to improve the bandwidth of
     the signal amplified by the system."
"The present invention relates generally to magnetic resonance imaging
     (MRI), and more particularly to a method and apparatus for efficient MRI
     tissue differentiation using an RF pulse designed to provide a frequency
     response combining a magnetization transfer contrast and fat saturation
     simultaneously. The invention includes creating a spectrally selective
     suppression pulse having an RF pulse profile designed to produce a
     frequency response with adequate fat suppression and selecting a
     spectrally selective suppression amplitude to produce a magnetization
     transfer contrast between two different tissue types, such as between
     proteinated tissue and water-based tissue. The invention also includes
     applying the spectrally selective suppression pulse with a flip angle
     selected to optimize fat suppression and magnetization transfer contrast
     saturation simultaneously. The invention is particularly useful in
     magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) as a non-invasive alternative to
     x-ray angiography to image coronary arteries. The invention is capable of
     efficiently suppressing fat and myocardium and provide an MR image with
     enhanced visibility of cardiac vessels."
"A hydrogen sensor including a thin film sensor element formed, e.g., by
     metalorganic chemical vapor deposition (MOCVD) or physical vapor
     deposition (PVD), on a microhotplate structure. The thin film sensor
     element includes a film of a hydrogen-interactive metal film that
     reversibly interacts with hydrogen to provide a correspondingly altered
     response characteristic, such as optical transmissivity, electrical
     conductance, electrical resistance, electrical capacitance,
     magnetoresistance, photoconductivity, etc., relative to the response
     characteristic of the film in the absence of hydrogen. The
     hydrogen-interactive metal film may be overcoated with a thin film
     hydrogen-permeable barrier layer to protect the hydrogen-interactive film
     from deleterious interaction with non-hydrogen species. The hydrogen
     sensor of the invention may be usefully employed for the detection of
     hydrogen in an environment susceptible to the incursion or generation of
     hydrogen and may be conveniently configured as a hand-held apparatus."
"A spin valve sensor is provided with a keeper layer which forms a partial
     flux-closure with a reference layer so as to minimize sensitivity of
     readback signal asymmetry to the sensor stripe height while maintaining a
     high readback signal. The keeper layer is encapsulated with top and bottom
     oxide layers, as well as first and second side oxide layers which form
     contiguous junctions with first and second side edges of the keeper layer.
     The top oxide layer may be a seed layer for the spin valve sensor for
     improving its giant magnetoresistance properties. The bottom oxide layer
     may be an antiferromagnetic film for pinning the magnetic moment of the
     keeper layer. The first and second side oxide layers function as refill
     first gap layers for minimizing the risk of electrical shorts between the
     bottom shield layer and the first and second hard bias and lead layers of
     the read head."
"A magnetic disk device reproduces information from a magnetic disk by using
     a magneto-resistive head. The magnetic disk device includes a temperature
     detecting unit which detects an ambient temperature. A sense current
     control unit controls a sense current based on the ambient temperature
     detected by the temperature detecting unit, the sense current being
     supplied to the magneto-resistive head to detect a change of a resistance
     of the magneto-resistive head for the magnetic disk in a magnetic field."
"A sensor for facilitating the measurement of temperature and magnetic field
     is described. The sensor comprises an optical cable having a distal end
     encompassed in a sheath of giant magnetoresistive material. Temperature
     changes alter the spectrum emissivity of the giant magnetoresistive
     material. Magnetic field changes alter the spectrum changes that occur
     from distorting the optical fiber that occur when the giant
     magnetoresistive material distorts the optical fiber."
"An improved media defect glide test head assembly which incorporates a wide
     thermo-resistive (TR) element suitable for detection of thermal asperities
     on the surfaces of magnetic recording discs. The TR element of the
     inventive glide test head assembly is very wide when compared to
     magneto-resistive (MR) elements in normal MR read/write heads. In the
     currently preferred embodiment, the TR element is envisioned to be as wide
     as is possible to fabricate on the trailing edge of an air bearing element
     of the glide test head assembly, to enable detection of thermal asperities
     across a relatively wide band of disc surface during each disc rotation,
     thus enabling rapid testing of the media surface. In a second aspect of
     the invention, the wide TR element is envisioned to be formed of nickel or
     other material having a large thermal resistance coefficient. In a third
     aspect of the invention, the wide TR element is envisioned to include
     intermediary taps which permit more precise mapping of the location of
     thermal asperities. Control logic for implementing mapping of TR-detected
     disc defects is also disclosed."
"A row of disk drive slider blanks with magneto-resistive read sensors are
     lapped after being mounted on the flat surface of a row carrier used to
     mount the row assembly on a row bending tool. Residual stresses present in
     the row due to wafer processing are relieved by removing the kerf areas
     between the slider blanks prior to lapping to prevent the stresses from
     causing inaccuracies in the lapping process. The stability of sliders
     below 30% can be enhanced by using wafers thicker than is required and
     then slicing the extra material from the row of slider blanks after it has
     been bonded to the row carrier either before or after the lapping process."
"An inverted hybrid type thin film magnetic head including a substrate, an
     inductive recording element provided on the substrate and a
     magnetoresistive reading element provided on the inductive recording
     element. The inductive recording element having a first magnetic film
     provided on an inner surface of a recessed portion formed in the surface
     of the substrate and on the surface of the substrate to constitute a pole
     portion, a thin film coil formed within the recessed portion, a gap film
     formed on the pole portion of the first magnetic film and on an insulating
     film which supports and isolates coil turns, and a second magnetic film
     applied on the gap film and having a pole portion which is opposed to the
     pole portion of the first magnetic film via the gap film. The
     magnetoresistive reading element includes a magnetoresistive film formed
     within a shield gap film provided on the second magnetic film and a third
     magnetic film formed on the shield gap film. The pole portion of the
     second magnetic film is preferably formed by a protrusion projecting into
     a groove. A bonding pad electrically connected to one end of the thin film
     coil is provided on a side wall of a slider such that a center of the
     bonding pad situates within a pattern of the coil. Remaining bonding pads
     connected to the other end of the coil as well as to both ends of the
     magnetoresistive film are also provided on the side wall of the slider."
"A preamplifier circuit to improve the ESD immunity of magnetic recording
     devices having magnetoresistive (MR) sensors, without degrading the
     sensor's high-frequency characteristics. The preamplifier circuit is
     coupled to an MR sensor having one terminal grounded. The preamplifier
     circuit includes a varistor coupled between a power supply line and a
     ground terminal. If a high voltage, exceeding the varistor voltage, is
     applied to the chassis (ground), it is discharged through the varistor
     between the power supply voltage line and the ground terminal, instead of
     through the MR head or the arm electronics module. The present invention
     thereby protects the MR head and the arm electronics module from ESD
     damage."
"A magnetic read element for use in magnetic data retrieval includes a
     NiFeCr seed layer and an electrically insulating spacer layer between an
     MR stripe and a soft adjacent layer formed of, for example, NiFeRh. The
     magnetic read element includes a magnetoresistive stripe and a seed layer
     formed of NiFeCr that is interfacially adjacent the magnetoresistive
     stripe. The read element also includes a spacer layer adjacent the seed
     layer, with the seed layer being disposed between the magnetoresistive
     stripe and the spacer layer. The spacer layer is formed of an electrically
     insulating material. In addition, a soft adjacent layer is included in the
     read element, adjacent the seed layer and formed of a low-coercivity,
     high-permeability magnetic material. The spacer layer can be formed of Ta,
     while the soft adjacent layer can be formed of NiFeRh. The magnetic read
     element can be incorporated in a read/write head, and further incorporated
     in a read/write system for data retrieval. A method of the present
     invention includes providing a substrate, forming a soft adjacent layer of
     low-coercivity, high-permeability material above the substrate, forming a
     spacer layer of electrically insulating material above the soft adjacent
     layer, forming a seed layer of NiFeCr above the spacer layer, and forming
     a magnetoresistive stripe above and interfacially adjacent the seed layer."
"A magnetic yoke having a magnetic gap provided in the side of the surface
     facing the medium is disposed on the surface of a substrate. An MR film is
     disposed on the surface of the magnetic yoke substantially parallel to the
     substrate with a predetermined separation from the surface S facing the
     medium. At least both end portions of the MR film are magnetically coupled
     to the magnetic yoke. A pair of leads for supplying sensing current to the
     MR film have magnetic lead portions formed from the same magnetic layers
     as the magnetic yoke. The magnetic lead portions curb deterioration of MR
     head properties and yield reduction during formation of the leads.
     Furthermore, a bias magnetic field is applied to the magnetic yoke and the
     MR film at least during operation of the head. This bias magnetic field is
     for instance provided by a magnetic field induced by the electric current.
     Alternatively, a magnetic field induced by the electric current is applied
     while heat-processing the magnetic yoke. Magnetic anisotropy is induced to
     the magnetic yoke in a direction differing according to the position. This
     magnetic anisotropy curbs Barkhausen noise caused by the magnetic yoke."
"A magnetoresistance effect device of the invention includes: a substrate;
     and a multilayer structure formed on the substrate. The multilayer
     structure includes a hard magnetic film, a soft magnetic film, and a
     non-magnetic metal film for separating the hard magnetic film from the
     soft magnetic film. The magnetization curve of the hard magnetic film has
     a good square feature, and the direction of a magnetization easy axis of
     the hard magnetic film substantially agrees to the direction of a magnetic
     field to be detected."
"Since the magnetic field response sensitivity of a resistance change
     .delta.R is deteriorated to a low value when a longitudinal bias magnetic
     field is applied, a structure by which a higher magnetic field response
     sensitivity is obtained is realized. A giant magnetoresistive sensing
     element for detecting a magnetic field from a magnetic disk to read a
     signal includes a magnetic fixed layer magnetized in parallel to a signal
     magnetic field direction, an electrically conductive layer to which a
     current is supplied from the exterior, for detecting a resistance change
     which is used for reading a signal, and a magnetic free layer which
     vibratingly rotates a direction of magnetization thereof due to the signal
     magnetic field from the magnetic disk, wherein the magnetic easy axis of
     the magnetic free layer is in parallel to the signal magnetic field
     direction, and the MR sensitivity in the signal magnetic field direction
     is higher than the MR sensitivity to a direction perpendicular to the
     signal magnetic field."
"A magnetic read head (30) for use in a magnetic data storage and retrieval
     system has a first current contact (40), a second current contact (42), a
     magnetoresistive read sensor (34), and a demagnetization field balance
     element (50). Positioned between the first and second current contacts
     (40, 42) are both the magnetoresistive read sensor (34) and the
     demagnetization field balance element (50). The demagnetization field
     balance element (50) is both electrically isolated from and magnetically
     coupled to the magnetoresistive read sensor (34)."
"A thin film magnetic head has a reproducing element or/and recording
     element which is held from the direction of its thickness between a first
     ceramic substrate and a second ceramic substrate. The reproducing element
     or/and recording element is positioned at substantially the center with
     respect to the direction of track width. The first and second ceramic
     substrates hold the reproducing element or/and recording element from, for
     example, the direction of track width. The reproducing element or/and
     recording element is provided with a yoke type reproducing part which has
     at least one pair of magnetic cores with a magnetic gap therebetween on
     the side of a medium opposed face and a magnetoresistance effect element
     to which a signal magnetic flux from a magnetic recording medium is led
     through the pair of magnetic cores. Heat due to a sense current and heat
     due to the contact between the reproducing element or/and recording
     element and the magnetic recording medium are efficiently dissipated to
     the first and second ceramic substrates, thereby retarding a temperature
     increase of the reproducing element or/and recording element. Abrasion in
     the neighborhood of the reproducing element or/and recording element is
     retarded by the first and second ceramic substrates. A magnetic recording
     apparatus is provided with a magnetic recording medium, and a magnetic
     head slider having the thin film magnetic head described above."
"A method and apparatus is disclosed for reducing electrical noise from
     noise spikes in an electrical information signal. The invention can
     provide protection of a data storage system from soft errors rate due to
     noise spikes appearing in the signal from the input transducer. A
     cancellation signal for the low frequency component (i.e. in the system
     bandwidth) of the noise signal is generated. The cancellation signal is
     derived from a frequency band that appears in the noise spike, but does
     not appear in the system bandwidth for the information signal. The
     cancellation signal is generated in the preferred embodiment by a
     cancellation signal generator comprising a high pass filter and a mixer.
     The mixer generates a cancellation signal by processing the high frequency
     portion using a waveform above the normal high frequency cutoff to
     reconstitute the low frequency component of the noise spike in the normal
     frequency band. Then, the cancellation signal and the delayed input signal
     are combined to reduce or remove the low frequency component of the noise
     spike. The remaining frequency components of the noise spike can easily be
     removed since they are outside of system bandwidth. The invention is
     particularly useful in a storage system having MR heads."
"A method for measuring bias magnetic field for controlling magnetic domain
     (longitudinal bias magnetic field) of a MR element has the step of
     applying an external measurement magnetic field onto the MR element which
     is biased with the magnetic field for controlling the magnetic domain
     (longitudinal bias magnetic field) in parallel to the direction of the
     bias magnetic field, the step of measuring .rho.-H loop of the MR element
     (output resistance of MR element versus magnetic field strength loop)
     under the application of the external measurement magnetic field, and the
     step of determining a shifted amount of the measured .rho.-H loop."
"A magnetic detector to detect a magnetic object's rotation and movement
     using a magnetoresistive element having hysteresis. The magnetoresistive
     element is set so as to tilt from the magnetizing direction of a magnet up
     to a predetermined angle .theta. between the rotational magnetic object to
     be detected and the magnet. The magnetic detector provides a high accuracy
     signal that corresponds to the distance between the rotational magnetic
     object to be detected and the magnetoresistive element. The signal
     obtained is independent of the rotational direction or rotational speed of
     the magnetic object to be detected or the atmospheric temperature of an
     apparatus. Moreover, the temperature dependency of the output signal
     (amplitude) of the magnetoresistive element is decreased."
"A sputtering apparatus has a permanent, magnet for forming, in front of a
     target, a magnetic field for magnetron discharging. The permanent magnet
     is disposed behind the target and an RF induction discharge coil is
     disposed in front of the target. The permanent magnet is contained inside
     an evacuated cathode case which is in the form of a container and which is
     provided therein with a circulation passage for cooling water. The cathode
     case and the RF induction discharge coil are enclosed therearound by a
     metallic cover which has an aperture for emitting sputtered particles. To
     make an element for a magnetoresistance head, a substrate is transferred
     from a load lock chamber to a pre-treatment chamber to clean it therein by
     an etching apparatus. The substrate is then transferred to an ultrahigh
     vacuum film deposition chamber which is provided therein with a plurality
     of inductively coupled RF plasma-assisted magnetron sputtering apparatuses
     which are evacuated to an ultrahigh vacuum. Extremely thin multiple layers
     of flat non-magnetic layers and magnetic layers are alternately deposited
     therein on the substrate. The deposition is controlled by opening and
     closing a shutter which is disposed in a position to prevent splashing of
     the sputtered particles to the substrate. The substrate is moved to a
     position of respective sputtering apparatuses inside the film deposition
     chamber to deposit different kinds of films."
"A programmable resistive circuit using magnetoresistive memory elements
     incorporated into one or more programmable segments coupled together
     between first and second terminals. Each segment includes at least one
     magnetoresistive memory element and at least one control input to select
     its state. The resistive circuit further includes select logic coupled to
     the control inputs of each segment to achieve a programmed resistance. A
     source signal is applied to the resistive circuit to develop an output
     signal that is a combination of signals developed by each of the memory
     elements in the resistive circuit. Bypass logic or switch devices may be
     included to selectively bypass or remove one or more segments. Each
     segment may include any combination of series and parallel coupled memory
     elements. The programmable segments may form a successive configuration to
     enable programming of progressive resistive values. The progressive
     resistive values may be linear and the successive configuration may be
     binary. A programmable current source is achieved by providing a voltage
     source in which the current is a combination of current signals developed
     by each of the memory elements in the resistive circuit. A programmable
     voltage source is achieved by forming first and second resistive circuits
     on either side of a voltage junction terminal and by applying a voltage
     source across both resistive circuits. The total resistance across the
     resistive circuits may be kept constant for each of multiple programmable
     voltages."
"A voltage-biasing, voltage-sensing differential preamplifier having a high
     input impedance preamplifier circuit to amplify magnetic data readback
     signals from a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor and feedback circuits to
     simultaneously hold the electrical center of the MR sensor at a prescribed
     potential (usually ground) while applying a predetermined constant
     differential voltage-bias across the MR element. The feedback circuits
     provide a stable operating point for the MR sensor at the desired
     bias-voltage, and maintain the average potential on the MR sensor at or
     near the disk substrate potential to limit the destructive effects of MR
     sensor contact with conducting asperities."
"A programmable oscillator including a memory array of magnetoresistive
     memory elements, where the memory array is programmed to any one of
     multiple states based on one or more values and provides an output signal
     that controls a variable oscillator. The variable oscillator provides a
     frequency signal that corresponds to the output signal. The oscillator may
     be a voltage controlled oscillator (VCO) where the memory array is a
     voltage divider receiving a voltage reference signal and having a voltage
     junction that asserts a control voltage to the VCO. The voltage divider
     may include multiple voltage dividers, each including resistive circuits
     coupled on either side of the voltage junction and each programmed by a
     corresponding value. A frequency select register stores a frequency select
     value to program a frequency voltage divider. A trim select register
     stores a trim value to program a trim voltage divider. A frequency control
     block receives a reference clock and the frequency signal and generates an
     error value that programs a dither voltage divider. A portion of the
     memory array may be preprogrammed for calibration. The voltage reference
     signal may be provided to an analog to digital converter that programs a
     compensation resistive circuit in the memory array. Alternatively, the
     memory array is configured as a variable current source that provides an
     output current signal to a current controlled oscillator. The values are
     combined into a programmable register, where the collective value of the
     register programs the variable current source on a periodic basis."
"A magneto-resistive (MR) head having a read element including two magnetic
     shield films, two magnetic gap films which separate the two magnetic
     shield films and which are held between the two magnetic shield films, and
     an MR element held between the two magnetic gap films, with the two
     magnetic gap films having a stress value of up to 200 MPa."
"In a current perpendicular type magnetoresistive device, a current
     efficiently flows in a direction perpendicular to a plane of an MR element
     and the sensitivity of the MR element is increased. Upper and lower
     shielding layers form a gap therebetween so that the MR element is
     situated within the gap. Upper and lower gap layers are provided within
     the gap so that the MR element is interposed between the upper and lower
     gap layers. The upper gap layer is provided between the upper shielding
     layer and the MR element. The lower gap layer is provided between the
     lower shielding layer and the MR element. The lower gap layer is formed
     from tantalum. An under layer formed from a material having a
     body-centered cubic structure is interposed between the lower shielding
     layer and the lower gap layer."
"A high magnetization, high resistivity, low corrosion and near zero
     magnetostriction soft adjacent layer (SAL) is provided for a
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensor of a read head. The MR sensor may either be
     an anisotropic MR (AMR) sensor or a spin valve sensor. In both sensors the
     SAL is CoHfNb or CoHfNbFe. The Hf is added to reduce corrosion and the Hf
     and Nb are balanced to provide near zero magnetostriction. The addition of
     Fe is an enhancer for reducing negative magnetostriction without diluting
     the magnetism of the alloy. Since CoHfNb has significantly higher
     magnetization than NiFeCr the SAL layer of CoHfNb can be thinner than the
     SAL of NiFeCr which results in a significantly higher resistance SAL. The
     higher resistance SAL equates to less shunting of the sense current
     through the SAL and better signal performance of the MR read head."
"A magnetic storage/read system includes a recording medium having tracks,
     and a magnetic head, including a magnetoresistive element, which reads a
     magnetic field from the recording medium. The magnetic storage/read system
     satisfies a relationship of d.ltoreq.(12.5.times.10.sup.3)/Tr where d is a
     height, expressed in .mu.m, of the magnetoresistive element in a direction
     perpendicular to a plane of the recording medium, and Tr is a track
     density, expressed in tracks per inch, of the tracks of the recording
     medium. The magnetoresistive element may include a first antiferromagnetic
     film; a first magnetic film having a magnetization direction which is
     fixed by magnetic coupling with the first antiferromagnetic film; a second
     antiferromagnetic film; a second magnetic film having a magnetization
     direction which is fixed by magnetic coupling with the second
     antiferromagnetic film; a third magnetic film having a magnetization
     direction which is able to rotate in response to an applied magnetic
     field; a first nonmagnetic conductive film disposed between the first
     magnetic film and the third magnetic film; and a second nonmagnetic
     conductive film disposed between the second magnetic film and the third
     magnetic film; wherein the third magnetic film is disposed between the
     first nonmagnetic conductive film and the second nonmagnetic conductive
     film, the first magnetic film is disposed between the first
     antiferromagnetic film and the first nonmagnetic conductive film, and the
     second magnetic film is disposed between the second antiferromagnetic film
     and the second nonmagnetic conductive film."
"In a magnetic head slider, in which a slider film is formed on the surface
     of a substrate or on the surface of a sacrificial layer provided on the
     substrate so that the substrate or the substrate and the sacrificial layer
     are separate from the slider film, in an MR head on the inductive layer on
     the track of a medium, there is provided a rotary mechanism 21 supported
     by the stationary section 20a of the slider film so that a portion 24 of
     the slider film can be rotated on a surface substantially parallel to the
     surface of the recording medium and, in the movable section 24 of the
     rotating mechanism, there is provided an opposing magnetic pole of the
     magnetic head element 22 which is opposed to at least the recording
     medium."
"An accurate and low cost sensing apparatus for a swash or wobble plate
     compressor that requires no modifications in compressor design or
     operation, and which provides a repeatable and accurate measure of
     compressor speed and stroke. The apparatus includes a sensor module and a
     stroke sensing circuit. The compressor has an outer housing formed of
     aluminum or other non-magnetic material, as is customary in automotive air
     conditioning systems. The sensor module includes a magnetic field
     responsive sensor such as a Hall Effect or magneto-resistive (MR) sensor,
     and is attached to the periphery of the housing in proximity to a
     reciprocating ferrous element such as a bushing shoe on the swash or
     wobble plate assembly. The sensor produces a quasi-sinusoidal output
     voltage signal having a frequency proportional to compressor speed, and
     the stroke sensing circuit determines the compressor stroke by band-pass
     filtering, amplifying, and peak detecting the signal. The output of the
     stroke sensing circuit is substantially insensitive to noise, and the
     relationship between it and the compressor stroke is substantially linear,
     resulting in a reliable, accurate and inexpensive sensing apparatus."
"Functional filter elements are linked in a multi-pass filter framework that
     forms part of an MRI system. The filter framework is configured by a set
     of parameters selected by the operator to perform smoothing and edge
     sharpening functions on acquired MR images. The functional filter elements
     used during each pass through the filter framework and the number of
     passes through it are configurable to obtain a wide variety of visual
     effects on medical images."
"An MR or GMR head is described which solves a head spiking problem with a
     charge clamp structure which provides a noninsulating electrical path from
     a conducting shield to an MR element lead to prevent charge buildup.
     Various embodiments of the charge clamp which are described include a
     center-tapped resistor which provides an electrical path from the S2
     shield (and optionally the S1 shield) to both leads of the MR element to
     form a self-tracking clamp. Alternatively the resistance configurations
     described can be duplicated for each shield. A storage system using the
     invention connects the system's bias circuitry to apply a dc bias voltage
     on the MR elements leads which in turn are electrically connected to the
     shield."
"A magnetic disk drive for recording and reproducing data out of a magnetic
     disk with a magnetoresisive (MR) head contacting the disk is disclosed.
     When the MR device is spaced from the surface of the medium by a recess of
     less than 15 nm inclusive, the surface of the medium is provided with a
     sheet resistance of less than 5 .OMEGA./cm.sup.2 inclusive. When the sheet
     resistance is greater than 5 .OMEGA./cm.sup.2, the recess is selected to
     be 16 nm or above. To enhance a frequency characteristic, the surface of
     the disk is provided with an undulation period of greater than 2 .mu.m
     inclusive in the direction of movement of a head and a surface roughness
     of less than 1 nm inclusive. With this configuration, the disk drive
     obviates electrical faults ascribable to the sliding contact of the head
     and disk."
"Disclosed is a magnetic detector in which a GMR device is operated within
     the limited range of a magnetic field so as to optimize a temperature
     characteristic of changes in resistance value and to improve noise
     resistance. The magnetic detector comprises a magnet (4) for generating a
     magnetic field, a rotary member (2) of magnetic material arranged with a
     predetermined gap left relative to the magnet and provided with
     projections capable of changing the magnetic field generated by the
     magnet, and a giant magnetoresistance device (3) of which resistance value
     is changed depending on the magnetic field changed by the rotary member of
     magnetic material. The giant magnetoresistance device is arranged to have
     such a predetermined gap relative to the magnet that the giant
     magnetoresistance device operates under a magnetic field applied to change
     in a predetermined amplitude range, e.g., 50.about.150 [Oe], where a
     temperature characteristic of resistance change rate of the giant
     magnetoresistance device is small."
"A magnetoresistive sensor for use in a rotary encoder with a drum having a
     circumference covered with a magnetic track at a predetermined pitch
     includes a plurality of magnetoresistive elements positioned opposite the
     drum and connected in a bridge circuit such that when the drum rotates an
     output signal from the bridge indicates a rotary angle of the drum. The
     magnetoresistive elements include one or more complementary pairs of
     elements positioned 180.degree. out of phase. Each of such pair of
     complementary magnetoresistive elements is connected in one leg of a
     bridge circuit such that jitter effects caused by asymmetric magnetic
     fields and physical differences between sensor elements are cancelled.
     Magnetoresistive sensor element configurations for minimizing the impact
     of temperature gradients across the magnetoresistive sensor are also
     disclosed."
"A giant magnetoresistive sensor which is improved in reproduction output
     and peak asymmetry of read-back waveform. It is composed of a first free
     ferromagnetic film, a first non-magnetic film, a composite ferromagnetic
     film, a second non-magnetic film, and a second free ferromagnetic film,
     which are laminated sequentially, but has no antiferromagnetic film to fix
     said composite ferromagnetic film, and said composite ferromagnetic film
     contains a first, second, and third ferromagnetic film, which are
     antiferromagnetically coupled with one another, and also contains films
     which separate said ferromagnetic films from one another and
     antiferromagnetically couple them with one another."
"A spin valve magneto-resistance effect head includes a spin valve film, a
     pair of magnetic shield members, and a support member. Each of the pair of
     magnetic shield members is arranged opposite to each surface of the spin
     valve film. The support member is arranged between the spin valve film and
     the pair of magnetic shield members for setting the relative position
     therebetween (D1&gt;D2) in order to form a predetermined gap having
     non-conductivity therebetween. The change of resistivity based on giant
     magneto-resistance effect for signal magnetic field applied from a storage
     medium is output from the spin valve film as voltage drop in response to
     sense current applied from an outside. The antiferromagnetic layer is
     provided in order to magnetize the pinned layer to a direction orthogonal
     to the direction of the sense current by forming magnetic field by an
     exchange coupling to the pinned layer."
"A rotary magnetic head unit has a non-contact type transmission device
     capable of reliably performing non-contact transmission both in signal and
     power supply systems and designed so as to be smaller in size. The
     non-contact type transmission device is formed of a rotating member and a
     fixed member each having a power supply wiring section for transmitting a
     power supply, a signal wiring section for transmitting a signal, and a
     crosstalk prevention section positioned between the power supply wiring
     section and the signal wiring section to prevent crosstalk between these
     sections. If a reproducing head formed of a magnetoresistive element is
     used by being supplied with a bias current from the power supply
     transmitted by the power supply wiring sections of the rotary and fixed
     members, the rotary magnetic head unit uses bias current control means to
     change the bias current supplied to the reproducing head according to the
     amount of wear of the recording head during reproduction from signals from
     magnetic tapes."
"A method of design of a magnetic recording slider and sensor geometry is
     disclosed which allows a magneto-resistive recording element to achieve a
     significantly reduced physical and magnetic spacing with a rigid magnetic
     recording disk in a disk drive, without resulting in thermal transients
     caused by sensor/disk contacts. The method utilizes pseudo-contact slider
     technology with an intentionally recessed MR sensor pole tip and alumina
     region. The reduced spacing achieved by pseudo-contact recording is
     significant compared to the spacing loss incurred by the proposed
     precision of the MR recoding element, resulting in a net reduction in head
     medium magnetic spacing."
"A field sensor (1) comprising means for measuring a magnetic field and an
     electric field, wherein at least six capacitor plates (5, 6, 7, 15, 16,
     17, 25, 26, 27, 35, 36, 37)are provided which are arranged in a cube and
     in that in the space thus formed the means for measuring the magnetic
     field is provided, which means is three-dimensionally aligned and for
     example consists of coils (2, 3, 4), Hall-effect sensors, magnetoresistors
     or the like."
"The back end of an MR sensor and a flux guide are joined by a contiguous
     self-aligned junction so that a predictable overlap of the flux guide on
     the back end of the MR sensor can be achieved for optimizing signal flux
     density in the MR sensor. Lead/longitudinal bias layers for the MR sensor
     are also joined by a contiguous selfaligned junction to the flux guide for
     stabilizing the flux guide. By employing a single lift off resist mask the
     MR sensor and the lead/longitudinal bias layers can be patterned followed
     by deposition of the flux guide. The flux guide is a bilayer of an
     insulation material layer and a flux guide material layer. The insulation
     material layer is sandwiched between the MR sensor and the flux guide
     material layer and between the lead/longitudinal bias layers and the flux
     guide material layer. A heat guide or combined flux guide and heat guide
     may be substituted for the aforementioned flux guide."
"A reader portion (150) of a magnetoresistive head is disclosed. The reader
     portion (150) includes a magnetoresistive read element (156) for reading
     information from a magnetic media (216) and a non-magnetic element (153)
     to detect and cancel thermal changes in the read head. A spacer (155) is
     positioned between the magnetoresistive read element (156) and the
     non-magnetic element (153). A plurality of electrical contacts (166, 167,
     168) connect the magnetoresistive read element (156) and the non-magnetic
     element (153) to external circuitry."
"A method and apparatus for calibrating a thermal response of a
     magnetoresistive element is provided. In accordance with one embodiment of
     the invention, a thermal spacing signal is read using an MR element spaced
     apart from a surface of a moving storage medium. From the thermal spacing
     signal a signal value and calibration value are produced. Using the signal
     value and the calibration value a calibrated signal value is produced. The
     calibrated signal value may, for example, be compared against a
     pre-determined threshold to detect surface defects on the storage medium."
"A contact start/stop architecture for disk drives overcomes problems
     introduced by low flying MR (magnets resistive) heads and textured landing
     zones. Takeoff velocity for heads vary from the textured landing zone to
     the data zone. Contact start/stop operations are controlled relative to a
     critical takeoff velocity between takeoff velocity in the data zone and
     takeoff velocity in the landing zone, which critical velocity is less than
     that required to achieve negligible contact between the head and disk
     surface while the head is within the landing zone, but greater than
     takeoff velocity within the data zone. An initial seek from the landing
     zone begins at critical takeoff velocity. The head drags along the disk
     surface in the landing zone, since it has not reached takeoff velocity
     within the landing zone, but will immediately be at fly height as soon as
     the head reaches the data zone, minimizing the total drag distance of the
     head in the landing zone. A similar control scheme is used during a
     contact stop operation with respect to the head's landing velocity, which
     is equal to takeoff velocity. During contact stop operations, the actuator
     arm retracts the head into the landing zone at critical takeoff velocity.
     The servo control for initial seek from the landing zone utilizes back EMF
     (elecromative force) from the actuator voice coil motor without relying on
     servo information read by the MR head while the head is within the landing
     zone, since the MR head cannot accurately transduce magnetic transitions
     on rough surfaces."
"Thin-film magnetic head having a head face (103) and comprising a
     magnetoresistive element (109) oriented transversely to the head face and
     a flux-guiding element (107) of a magnetically permeable material
     terminating in the head face. A peripheral area (109a) of the
     magnetoresistive element extending parallel to the head face is present
     opposite the flux-guiding element for forming a magnetic connection
     between the magnetoresistive element and the flux-guiding element. The
     flux-guiding element and the peripheral area of the magnetoresistive
     element constitute a common magnetic contact face (111), while the
     magnetically permeable material of the flux-guiding element is
     electrically insulating."
"An adjustable impedance boosting circuit comprises a differential pair of
     gain stage transistors. A magneto-resistive element may be coupled to the
     emitters of the gain stage transistors, and a collector load may be
     coupled to a collector of at least one of the gain stage transistors. The
     invention further comprises a variable impedance load coupled in parallel
     with at least a portion of the collector load, the variable impedance load
     operable to adjust the impedance of the boosting circuit in proportion to
     the resistance of the magneto-resistive element."
"The invention relates to a magnetic resonance (MR) device which is provided
     with a medical instrument (10) which is to be introduced into an object
     (1) to be examined, and also with a coil system (11) which is arranged in
     or on the instrument (10) and includes at least one coil for receiving
     and/or transmitting an RF signal, to a medical instrument (10) of this
     kind and also to a method of determining the position of such a medical
     instrument (10) that can be introduced into an object (1) to be examined.
     According to the invention the coil system (11) in an MR device of this
     kind forms a resonant circuit (20) in conjunction with a capacitor (19)
     and a modulation unit (12) is provided in order to modulate an RF signal
     coupled into the coil system (11)."
"An improved magnetoresistive read sensor (100) and a method of fabricating
     magnetoresistive read sensor (100) that eliminates film removal is
     disclosed. The magnetoresistive sensor (100) is formed by positioning a
     first mask (128) on a gap layer (104) split into three regions due to
     subsequent layers. A first mask (128) is positioned on the central region
     of the gap layer (104) and a first hard-biasing material (106) is
     deposited onto the outside regions of the gap layer (104). The first mask
     (128) is removed and a magnetoresistive element (116) is deposited onto
     the outside regions of the first hard-biasing material (106) and the
     central region of gap layer (104), thereby forming an active region (122),
     a first passive region (124) and a second passive region (126) of the
     magnetoresistive sensor (100). A spacer layer (118) is deposited onto the
     magnetoresistive element (116) in all three regions and a soft adjacent
     layer (120) is deposited onto the spacer layer (118) in all three regions.
     A second mask (134) is positioned over the active region (122) of the
     sensor and a second hard-biasing material (110) is deposited onto the soft
     adjacent layer (120) in the first passive region (124) and the second
     passive region (126). The second mask (134) is removed and contacts (112,
     114) are positioned onto the second hard-biasing material (110)."
"A method of manufacturing a thin film magnetic head, in which throat height
     TH of a pole portion and MR height MRH can be formed accurately to have
     desired design values for improving a surface recording density and
     reducing a side fringe magnetic flux during a writing, an MR film 46 is
     formed such that the film is embedded in a shield gap layer formed on a
     substrate, a first magnetic layer is formed on the shield gap layer, a
     thin film coil is formed on the first magnetic layer such that the coil is
     isolated by an insulating layer, and a second magnetic layer is formed in
     accordance with a given pattern. The gap layer is selectively removed by a
     reactive ion etching in the vicinity of side walls of a pole portion of
     the second magnetic layer, and then the first magnetic layer is partially
     removed by an ion milling to form a recess having an inner side wall which
     serves as a positional reference. An air bearing surface is polished on
     the basis of a position of this inner side wall of the recess."
"A magnetoresistive memory element utilizing an enhanced proximity effect of
     ferromagnetic layers (ML) in a tri-layer configuration. A oscillatory
     decay characteristic of the pair wavefunction is expanded by using
     materials for the ML with a low Curie temperature and a small exchange
     field. As a result, the sum magnetic field of the alternetingly parallel
     and anti-parallel magnetized ML changes the critical temperature of the
     superconductor below and above the operational device temperature such
     that a passing read pulse remains unaltered at one of the two logical
     conditions stored within the device."
"Thin film magnetic head has magnetoresistive element (23) and flux-guiding
     elements (117a,117b) of a material having a relatively high magnetic
     permeability, and an intermediate layer between the magnetoresistive
     element and the flux-guiding elements, the intermediate layer (21) being
     electrically insulating, and having a relatively low magnetic permeability
     of between 1.1 and 25. The low permeability intermediate layer increases
     the magnetic flux between the magnetoresistive element and the
     flux-guiding elements, and thereby improves the efficiency of the magnetic
     head."
"A magnetoresistive device includes a metal layer, formed over a substrate,
     in which a groove is formed. A magnetoresistive element is formed in the
     groove, forming two magnetoresistive element portions that are separated
     by a conductive element. A sense current applied to the metal layer flows
     through the two magnetoresistive element portions with a predominant
     current-perpendicular-to-plane component. A method includes techniques
     that are less complex and less expensive than submicron photolithography
     to form the above described magnetoresistive device with submicron
     geometries. A system includes a read/write head that incorporates a
     magnetoresistive element formed in a groove of a metal layer."
"A magnetic sensor is constructed to be capable of detecting the change of
     tunnel current due to co-tunneling effect at a high S/N ratio by using a
     tunneling magnetoresistive element having a first magnetic layer of a soft
     magnetic material formed on a flat substrate, first and second tunnel
     barrier layers formed on the first magnetic layer, magnetic particles of a
     ferromagnetic material provided between the first and second tunnel
     barrier layers, and a second magnetic layer of a soft magnetic material
     formed on the second tunnel barrier layer so as to create tunneling
     junctions."
"A magnetic field sensor that isotropically senses an incident magnetic
     field. This is preferably accomplished by providing a magnetic field
     sensor device that has one or more circular shaped magnetoresistive sensor
     elements for sensing the incident magnetic field. The magnetoresistive
     material used is preferably isotropic, and may be a CMR material or some
     form of a GMR material. Because the sensor elements are circular in shape,
     shape anisotropy is eliminated. Thus, the resulting magnetic field sensor
     device provides an output that is relatively independent of the direction
     of the incident magnetic field in the sensor plane."
"A method and apparatus wherein a single element sensor, preferably a single
     element magnetoresistive sensor, is utilized to sense crankshaft position
     and rotational speed from the passage of single tooth edges of an encoder
     or target wheel and determines its offset voltage by measuring the MR
     voltage over a slot in the target wheel. This is accomplished by inclusion
     of a valley detector in the sensor circuit. Subtracting the signal of the
     valley detector from the MR signal yields an MR signal with a zero offset
     utilizing a comparator with an appropriate fixed reference (hysteresis) to
     generate the desired output signal. The accuracy of the sensor can be
     improved by amplifying the MR signal prior to feeding it into the
     comparator. The amplification simply increases the slopes of the signal
     and permits the use of a higher threshold voltage level in the comparator."
"A dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element, and a method for
     fabricating the dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element. When
     fabricating the dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element while
     employing the method, there are employed two pair of patterned magnetic
     biasing layers formed of a single magnetic biasing material. The two pair
     of patterned magnetic biasing layers bias a pair of patterned
     magnetoresistive (MR) layers in a pair of opposite canted directions. The
     method employs multiple thermal annealing methods one of which employs a
     thermal annealing temperature, a thermal annealing exposure time and an
     extrinsic magnetic bias field such that a first pair of transversely
     magnetically biased patterned magnetic biasing layers is not substantially
     demagnetized when forming a second pair of transversely magnetically
     biased patterned magnetic biasing layers of anti-parallel transverse
     magnetic bias direction to the first pair of transversely magnetically
     biased patterned magnetic biasing layers."
"A method for forming a magnetoresistive (MR) lapping monitor, and a
     magnetoresistive (MR) lapping monitor formed employing the method. To
     practice the method, there is first provided a substrate. There is then
     formed over the substrate a patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer, where
     the patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer has a concavity at an edge of
     the patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer opposite an air bearing surface
     (ABS) edge of the patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer. There is then
     formed covering the edge of the patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer
     opposite the air bearing surface edge of the patterned magnetoresistive
     (MR) layer and separated by the concavity a pair of patterned conductor
     lead layers, where neither patterned conductor lead layer within the pair
     of patterned conductor lead layers reaches a plane defined by the air
     bearing surface (ABS) edge of the patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer.
     The method contemplates a magnetoresistive (MR) lapping monitor fabricated
     employing the method. The magnetoresistive (MR) lapping monitor
     contemplates a method for forming a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element,
     with precise patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer stripe height, while
     employing the magnetoresistive (MR) lapping monitor."
"A non-volatile RAM device is disclosed which utilizes a plurality of
     ferromagnetic bits (8) each surrounded by a write coil (15) for directing
     the remnant polarity thereof is disclosed. The direction of magnetic
     remnance in each bit (8) is dictated by the direction of a current induced
     into write coil (15). Further, a magneto sensor (9) comprising a magneto
     resistor (18) coupled to a diode (26) is placed approximate each bit (8).
     The magneto resistor (18) is coupled to a sense line (20), and receives
     current at a first point of attachment, and returns current at a second
     point of attachment. The current passing across magneto resistor (18) is
     biased in a direction either right or left of the original current flow
     direction. If current is biased toward the anode end of diode (26) then it
     is complimentary to the preferred flow direction of diode (26), and flows
     easily there across. The ultimate effect is that the serial resistance of
     magneto resistor (18) is reduced, allowing a greater amount of current to
     pass into the sense line (20). When current is biased toward the cathode
     end of diode (26), then it is contrary to the preferred flow direction of
     the diode (26), and does not flow easily there across. The ultimate effect
     is that the serial resistance of magneto resistor (18) is increased,
     allowing a smaller amount of current to pass into sense line (20). The
     presence and amount of current found in the sense line (20) between the
     bit (8) and the detector (14) determines whether a digital value of ""1"" or
     ""0"" is stored in the magnetic bit (8). A method for storing binary data is
     also disclosed."
"An improved magnetoresistive read sensor (100) and a method of fabricating
     magnetoresistive read sensor (100) that eliminates film removal is
     disclosed. The magnetoresistive sensor (100) is formed by positioning a
     first mask (128) on a gap layer (104) split into three regions due to
     subsequent layers. A first mask (128) is positioned on the central region
     of the gap layer (104) and a first hard-biasing material (106) is
     deposited onto the outside regions of the gap layer (104). The first mask
     (128) is removed and a magnetoresistive element (116) is deposited onto
     the outside regions of the first hard-biasing material (106) and the
     central region of gap layer (104), thereby forming an active region (122),
     a first passive region (124) and a second passive region (126) of the
     magnetoresistive sensor (100). A spacer layer (118) is deposited onto the
     magnetoresistive element (116) in all three regions and a soft adjacent
     layer (120) is deposited onto the spacer layer (118) in all three regions.
     A second mask (134) is positioned over the active region (122) of the
     sensor and a second hard-biasing material (110) is deposited onto the soft
     adjacent layer (120) in the first passive region (124) and the second
     passive region (126). The second mask (134) is removed and contacts (112,
     114) are positioned onto the second hard- biasing material (110)."
"A magnetic recording/reproducing apparatus of the helical scan system
     employing a MR head as a reproducing magnetic head. The magnetic
     recording/reproducing apparatus includes a MR head 6 and a rotary drum
     carrying the MR head 6. In reproducing signals from the magnetic tape 7 in
     accordance with the helical scan system, a magnetic tape 7, having a large
     number of projections 7c on the tape surface and containing an
     electrically conductive material in its magnetic layer, is used as a
     recording medium."
"The electronic circuit (3) comprises an electric feed circuit (42)
     supplying at least one feed voltage (E.sub.P E.sub.N) intended to feed a
     network of magnetoresistive electrodes (100) and a measuring circuit
     (30-39) including two differential inputs (C, C', S, S') connected to the
     network. The measuring circuit uses a rough counter and a fine
     interpolation circuit to determine the position of the sensor along the
     scale on the basis of the two sinusoidal input signals received. The feed
     circuit periodically reduces the electric feed voltage supplied so as
     temporarily to lessen the dissipation of energy in the magnetoresistive
     electrodes."
"A method for forming a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element. There is first
     provided a substrate. There is then formed over the substrate a seed
     layer. There is then formed contacting a pair of opposite ends of the seed
     layer a pair of patterned conductor lead layer structures. There is then
     etched, while employing an ion etch method, the seed layer and the pair of
     patterned conductor lead layer structures to form an ion etched seed layer
     and a pair of ion etched patterned conductor lead layer structures.
     Finally, there is then formed upon the ion etched seed layer and the pair
     of ion etched patterned conductor lead layers structures a
     magnetoresistive (MR) layered structure. Within the magnetoresistive (MR)
     sensor element, the pair of patterned conductor lead layer structures may
     be formed within a pair of recesses within an ion etch recessed dielectric
     isolation layer."
"The present invention relates to a magnetic thin film memory having a
     hybrid element including a field effect transistor and a magnetoresistive
     thin film connected to the field effect transistor in parallel. In the
     magnetic thin film memory, the hybrid element is preferably arranged in
     plurality in a matrix state. The present invention also relates to a
     method of writing information in this magnetic thin film memory, and a
     method of reading the information written in this magnetic thin film
     memory."
"A magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) device has sufficiently small area to make
     it commercially practical as both a magnetic memory cell and a
     magnetoresistive read head. The small area magnetic tunnel junction device
     has both low resistance and high magnetoresistance. The magnetic tunnel
     junction device is made possible by the use of a thin aluminum layer in a
     thickness range of approximately 5-12 Angstroms. The Al layer is
     completely oxidized, without oxidizing the adjacent ferromagnetic layers,
     to form the insulating tunnel barrier layer of the MTJ."
"A multifilm structure is provided for a pinned layer structure of a spin
     valve sensor for increasing the magnetoresistive coefficient (dr/R) of the
     sensor and/or decreasing a ferromagnetic coupling field (H.sub.F) between
     the pinned layer structure and the free layer of the sensor. The multifilm
     structure for the pinned layer in one or both AP layers of an AP pinned
     layer structure or a single pinned layer structure includes a nickel iron
     (NiFe) middle layer which is located between a cobalt (Co) first film and
     a cobalt (Co) second film."
"A magnetic recording contact slider is disclosed which allows a
     magneto-resistive recording element to achieve a significantly reduced
     physical and magnetic spacing with a rigid magnetic recording disk in a
     disk drive, without resulting in thermal transients caused by sensor/disk
     contacts. The slider utilizes a high air-bearing surface curvature to
     reduce the static friction between the slider and the recording disk."
"A read system for receiving information from a storage medium and for
     supplying a signal to circuitry external to the read system is disclosed.
     The read system includes a bias current generator, individual channel
     circuitry, and preamplifier circuitry. The individual channel circuitry
     further includes a first and a second magnetoresistive element. A
     plurality of transistors are connected to the first and the second
     magnetoresistive element and are cross-coupled to each other to cancel out
     any noise arising from a mismatch of the first and the second
     magnetoresistive element. The preamplifier circuitry further includes a
     first gain stage and a second gain stage separated by a first and a second
     capacitor. The first and the second capacitors permit an AC signal from
     the first gain stage to the second gain stage, while blocking unwanted DC
     signals which are necessary to properly bias the first and the second MR
     element."
"A system and method are disclosed for reading data from a magnetic disk.
     The method includes generating a preamplified data signal by reading the
     magnetic state of the disk using a magnetoresistive head. The preamplified
     data signal is capacitively coupled to a variable gain read channel
     amplifier. The variable gain read channel amplifier has an input, an
     output, and a programmable gain. The input of the variable gain read
     channel amplifier has a variable gain read channel amplifier input
     resistance. The occurrence of a thermal asperity event is detected and an
     adjustment is made to the variable gain read channel amplifier input
     resistance to compensate for the thermal asperity event. An adjustment to
     the programmable gain of the variable gain read channel amplifier is made
     to compensate for the adjustment to the variable gain read channel
     amplifier input resistance."
"A digital to analog converter using a memory array of multi-state
     magnetoresistive memory elements in which a number of the memory elements
     are programmed in proportion to a received digital input. A source
     selectively applies a reference signal to the programmed memory elements
     in the memory array, and an analog output signal is developed at an output
     terminal that combines signals developed by each of the memory elements.
     The reference signal may be a voltage or current signal, where the output
     signal is a current or voltage signal, respectively. The memory array may
     include column and row drive circuitry and control logic that controls the
     drive circuitry to program the memory array and assert the reference
     signal to develop the output signal. The control logic may be configured
     to program the memory array in successive steps by first programming one
     or more complete memory lines and then programming one or more partial
     memory lines. Alternatively, the control logic and the drive circuitry may
     be configured to program the memory array in a single write operation.
     Signal processing circuitry may be provided to detect changes or threshold
     conditions in the memory array."
"A device for measuring the resistance of an MR element which passes a bias
     current Imr and which derives a bias voltage. A voltage comparator CMP
     receives the bias voltage Vmr and a reference voltage Vref. A counter
     UPCNT has an enable input EN coupled to the output of the comparator and a
     digital output forming the output of the device. A current source supplies
     the bias current Imr which represents a digital value received by the
     current source at its control input which is coupled to the digital output
     of the counter. The device enables the digital value of a resistance to be
     measured automatically."
"A shield and/or pole piece layer for a magnetoresistive (MR) head made of a
     high moment Fe--Al--N--O laminated film is disclosed. The Fe--Al--N--O
     laminated film is manufactured using N.sub.2 O as the reactive gas, making
     a laminated film that has a high intrinsic anisotropic (H.sub.K) and can
     better withstand the processing fields employed during the various
     processing and annealing steps in the construction of the head.
     Accordingly, the magnetic domains of the first shield layer, the second
     shield layer and/or the pole piece layers do not change position from a
     desired parallel position to the ABS. By maintaining their parallel
     position, applied fields during the operation of the head, such as from
     the write head or the media, do not move the domain walls around to cause
     Barkhausen noise."
"In the bias circuit of a magneto-resistive element signal amplifying
     circuit, a favorable high frequency characteristic is obtained by
     suppressing the influence of a parasitic capacitance that is generated.
     Furthermore, noise is removed by a lowpass filter including a resistor and
     a capacitor having a relatively small size in an integrated circuit."
"A magneto-resistive effect sensor capable of outputting a sufficient output
     of optimum characteristics even if a magnetized surface of a magnetized
     material is curved, arcuately- or polygonally-shaped. On the
     magneto-resistive effect sensor 3, plural magnetically sensitive portions
     12a to 12d of the same shape are formed and arrayed parallel to one
     another, while being electrically connected in series to permit the
     current i to flow through the electrically connected magnetically
     sensitive portions. The magnetically sensitive portion 12a is made up of a
     mid portion 15a having a width w1 and ends having a width w2. A signal
     magnetic field of different strengths is applied from the magnetized
     material along the current flowing direction. The widths w1 and w2 differ
     with the strengths of the applied signal magnetic field and are of a ratio
     such that w1:w2=2:3. The strength of the signal magnetic field is high to
     give high resistance in a narrow-width area of the magnetically sensitive
     portion 12a, while being low to give low resistance in a broad-width
     portion of the magnetically sensitive portion 12a, such that the
     magneto-resistive effect sensor in its entirety can develop a sufficient
     output with an optimum S/N ratio."
"In a spin valve type magnetoresistance effect film comprising a
     multilayered film including a non-magnetic metal layer, a ferromagnetic
     layer formed on one surface of the non-magnetic metal layer, a soft
     magnetic layer formed on the other surface of the non-magnetic metal
     layer, and an antiferromagnetic layer which is formed on a surface of the
     ferromagnetic layer remote from the other surface thereof abutting the
     non-magnetic metal layer so as to pin a direction of magnetization of the
     ferromagnetic layer, the antiferromagnetic layer is made of a compound
     containing Mn and having a CuAu-I type regular crystal structure and is
     crystallized by laser irradiation to show antiferromagnetism. Thus, an
     excellent effect is achieved that mutual diffusion in the laminate film is
     very small and the MR ratio is very large. Further, when a spin valve head
     is formed, an excellent effect is achieved that the sensitivity is high
     and the output is large. Further, the laminate film forming the spin valve
     film can be reduced in thickness so that a product can be more compact.
     Moreover, an excellent effect is achieved that the energy loss is small
     and the productivity is high."
"In a magnetic storage apparatus having a magnetic recording medium, a drive
     unit for driving this medium in a prespecified recording direction, a
     magnetic head assembly including a recorder section and reproduction
     section, means for causing the magnetic head to move relatively with
     respect to the magnetic record medium, and a record/playback signal
     processor means for performing signal inputting to the magnetic head and
     for effecting reproduction of an output signal from the magnetic head, the
     reproduction section of said magnetic head is composed of a magnetic head
     of the magneto-resistance effect type, while said magnetic record medium
     is structured including a substrate and a magnetic layer formed thereover
     with one or several underlayers being sandwiched therebetween, wherein at
     least one of the underlayers is a specific layer that is made of amorphous
     or microcrystalline materials containing therein Ni as the principal or
     main component thereof and further containing at least one kind of element
     as selected from the group consisting of Nb and Ta."
"A spin-valve magnetoresistive element includes a plurality of layers. The
     magnetic moment of a first pinned magnetic layer is smaller than the
     magnetic moment of a second pinned magnetic layer. In this case, a
     magnetic field of 100 to 1,000 Oe is applied in a direction opposite to
     the direction for which obtaining of magnetization for the first pinned
     magnetic layer is desired, or a magnetic field of 5 kOe or greater is
     applied in the same direction as the direction for which obtaining of
     magnetization for the first pinned magnetic layer is desired. Thus, a
     first magnetization of the first pinned magnetic layer and the magnetic
     moment of a second pinned magnetic layer can be maintained in an
     antiparallel state."
"A magnetic thin film element is provided with a magnetoresistive film
     including a first magnetic layer composed of a perpendicular magnetization
     film, a second magnetic layer composed of a perpendicular magnetization
     film having a higher coercive force than that of the first magnetic layer,
     and a nonmagnetic layer interposed between the first magnetic layer and
     the second magnetic layer. The resistance of the magnetoresistive film
     varies depending on whether or not the magnetic spins of the first
     magnetic layer and the second magnetic layer are in the same direction."
"The present invention relates to a ferromagnetic tunnel magnetoresistance
     effect element having a multilayered structure comprising a tunnel barrier
     layer and a first and a second ferromagnetic layer formed to sandwich the
     tunnel barrier layer therebetween, wherein the tunnel barrier layer is
     formed as an oxide film obtained by oxidizing a non-magnetic metal layer
     according to a radical oxidation method. Thus, there can be obtained a
     ferromagnetic tunnel magnetoresistance effect element which is excellent
     in productivity and quality stability and highly excellent in TMR effect."
"A seed layer is located between a first read gap layer and a nickel oxide
     (NiO) pinning layer for improving the microstructure of the pinning layer.
     The improved microstructure of the pinning layer increases an exchange
     coupling between the pinning layer and a ferromagnetic pinned layer
     structure which improves the magnetoresistive coefficient (dr/R) of a spin
     valve sensor. The seed layer is chromium (Cr), chromium oxide (Cr.sub.2
     O.sub.3) or an alloy thereof with a preferred seed layer being chromium
     (Cr) with a thickness less than 50 .ANG.. In another embodiment an
     additional seed layer of tantalum (Ta) may be employed between the
     chromium (Cr) seed layer and the first read gap layer for further
     enhancement of the magnetoresistive coefficient (dr/R)."
"An antiparallel (AP)-pinned spin valve (SV) sensor is provided which has
     positive and negative read signal symmetry about a zero bias point of a
     transfer curve upon sensing positive and negative magnetic incursions of
     equal magnitude from a moving magnetic medium. The SV sensor includes a
     ferromagnetic free layer which has a magnetic moment which is free to
     rotate in first and second directions from a position which corresponds to
     the zero bias point upon sensing positive and negative magnetic
     incursions, respectively, an AP-pinned layer, an antiferromagnetic layer
     which pins the magnetic moment of the AP-pinned layer along a pinned
     direction, and a spacer layer sandwiched between the AP-pinned layer and
     the free layer. The AP-pinned layer includes at least two antiparallel
     coupling (APC) layers made of ruthenium interleaved between ferromagnetic
     pinned layers in order to effectively increase the ruthenium thickness
     while avoiding a decrease in the antiferromagnetic coupling between the
     ferromagnetic pinned layers. With this AP-pinned layer structure, the
     forces on the free layer that influence the bias point on the sensor
     transfer curve are oriented so that the combined effects of a
     demagnetization field and a sense current field are counterbalanced by the
     combined effects of an anisotropic magnetoresistive effect and a
     ferromagnetic coupling field resulting in near zero asymmetry of the read
     signal."
"In a magneto-resistive effect type head having provided between a lower
     shield layer and an upper shield layer an MR sensor with a
     magneto-resistive effect or a gigantic magneto-resistive effect; electrode
     layers electrically connected to the MR sensor; and lower and upper
     insulating layers mangetically and electrically isolating the MR sensor
     and the electrode layer from the shield layers, when the gap length is
     reduced and the lower and upper insulating layers are decreased in
     thickness, the insulating layers are more liable to a dielectric breakdown
     by static electricity produced in the manufacturing process of the
     magnetic head. In a magneto-resistive effect head, the portion of the
     insulating layer in which the MR sensor 30 and the lower or upper shield
     layer 10 or 60 do not face each other (in other words, the second lower
     insulating layer 22 or the second upper insulating layer 52) is formed by
     a lower-resistivity insulating film than the other portion of the
     insulating layer in which the MR sensor and the layers 10 or 60 face each
     other (in other words, the first lower insulating layer 21 or the first
     upper insulating layer 51). If electric charge accumulates in the
     electrode layer or shield layer by static electricity, a minute current
     flows through the low-resistivity insulating film, reducing a potential
     difference between the electrode layer and the shield layer and therefore
     the insulating layers can be prevented from breaking by static
     electricity."
"A magnetic transducer employs a giant magnetoresistive sensor whose sensing
     surface is separated by a dielectric layer from a magnetically recorded
     surface carrying recorded data signals to be read back by the transducer.
     The dielectric layer serves to protect the sensing layer from corrosion,
     electrostatic discharge from the record surface, mechanical damage from
     asperities, thermal asperities from heating resulting from close contact
     between the transducer and the record surface, and damage from exposure
     during lapping operations. This structure also reduces the readback pulse
     width and offtrack assymmetry, and improves servo linearity, thereby
     increasing recording density. The reduced signal amplitude is compensated
     for by the use of a giant magnetoresistive transducer with an
     intrinsically large output. The use of the recessed transducer reduces
     saturation of the transducer due to the record medium flux at reduced
     signal amplitudes, thereby increasing readback efficiency."
"Low-noise magneto-resistive (MR) pre-amplifier circuit amplifies signal
     from MR head. MR head is biased at optimal point by current source to
     generate signal. Current source is powered by regulator to reduce noise
     contribution from Vcc due to finite output impedance of current source.
     Self-biased CMOS low-noise amplifier (LNA) minimizes input-referred noised
     without using negative power supply. Small MOS transistor with feedback
     tracking loop replaces self-bias resistor which determines lower corner
     cutoff frequency. This facilitates use of large-value resistor, thereby
     enabling on-chip integration of DC blocking input capacitor. Gm--Gm
     amplifier configuration increases gain bandwidth product and minimizes
     parasitic effects of MOS transistors."
"An apparatus for substantially eliminating a switching voltage transient in
     a magnetic recording system so as to minimize a write-to-read recovery
     time includes a first bias enable switch, a bias current source responsive
     to the first bias enable switch, an MR sensor for receiving a bias current
     from the current source, and a read amplifier being capacitively coupled
     to the MR sensor. The bias current flowing through the MR sensor produces
     the switching voltage transient due to the RC time constant presented by
     the input of the read amplifier. The apparatus includes a first
     compensating circuit for generating a compensating voltage transient
     having a polarity substantially equal and opposite to the switching
     transient. The first compensating circuit is electrically coupled to the
     MR sensor, and a superposition of the switching voltage transient and the
     compensating voltage transient is substantially zero."
"The method and apparatus have application to the compensation of transient
     signals produced on reading a data storage device with a magneto-resistive
     head due to thermal contact with asperities on the data storage medium.
     Preferably, the data channel employs partial-response maximum-likelihood
     detection.
The method compensates for an additive signal in a data signal and
     comprises the steps of: detecting the contribution to said data signal by
     said additive signal; initially compensating the data signal by
     maintaining a DC offset in said data signal, the initial level of said DC
     offset being set in dependence on the detected contribution; and while
     compensating the data signal, detecting when the compensated data signal
     exceeds a predetermined threshold and varying the set level of said DC
     offset in dependence upon said detection."
"A label for marking and remote detection of objects has a capsular housing
     (10, 11) of a material, which in non-magnetic, electrically non-conductive
     as well as resistant against external influence, the housing consisting of
     a lower portion (10) and a cover (11), between which a cavity (12) is
     formed, and at least one elongated sensor element (13) arranged in the
     cavity (12), the sensor element being made from an amorphous
     magneto-elastic material with high magneto-mechanical coupling. On all its
     interior surfaces facing the cavity (12), the housing (10, 11) is provided
     with fine bristles or fibers (14), the number, length and density of which
     have been selected for receiving the sensor element (13) in a way, such
     that the sensor element (13) when resonating, will maintain its
     straightness and will be allowed to oscillate in the longitudinal
     direction thereof essentially free from losses, with no harmful influence
     from bending or torsional forces, and with no risk of losing energy due to
     friction or contact with the inside of the housing (10, 11)."
"A device for registering the displacement travel and/or the displaced
     position of a sliding component, which is moved free of torsion, of a
     linear drive is intended to be implemented on a small scale and with
     display precision. For this purpose, the device is equipped with at least
     two magneto-resistive sensors which act within a separate magnetic field,
     respectively assigned to the displacement component in different regions
     located one behind the other."
"Within a three-phase motor M, there are mounted one chip-shaped
     magnetoresistance effect element sensors comprising magnetoresistance
     effect elements having a spin-valve structure in series connected. The
     driving signal generating means generates difference signals obtained by
     subtracting output signals from each of the magnetoresistance effect
     element sensors. The phase current supplying means generates phase
     currents on the basis of the difference signals, and supplies these to
     driving coils for each phase respectively. The magnetoresistance effect
     element sensor is more excellent in temperature characteristic than the
     hole element, and is also high in output level, and therefore, the
     rotational speed and phase of the three-phase motor can be maintained with
     high accuracy."
"A combination multi-channel magneto-resistive (MR) certification and
     thermal asperity test head. The test head includes a MR stripe which has
     multiple taps which define multiple certification test MR stripe segments.
     Simultaneous connection of sensing logic to the multiple segments of the
     MR stripe allows for increased magnetic certification speed, and proper
     connection of sensing circuitry across appropriate taps on the MR stripe
     allows for testing for thermal asperities over a large portion of the disc
     surface. Various embodiments of the test head are disclosed."
"A charge conserving write method and apparatus to reduce average write
     current in integrated circuit (IC) magnetoresistive random access memory
     (MRAM) systems. In a first embodiment, a selected one of a pair of current
     switches, each connected between respective ends of a selected pair of
     bit-lines, are enabled to concatenate the selected bit-lines so that a
     single bit-write-current simultaneously writes the respective bit cells in
     bot bit-lines. In a second embodiment, the current switches and the
     bit-write driver circuits of the selected bit-lines are selectively
     enabled to balance the average utilization of the drivers. Both
     single-ended and bi-directional driver embodiments are disclosed."
"A magnetoresistive effect film has a lamination of an antiferromagnetic
     thin film, a magnetic thin film that is in contact with the
     antiferromagnetic thin film, a non-magnetic thin film that is in contact
     with the magnetic film, and another magnetic thin film that is in contact
     with the non-magnetic thin film. With a bias magnetic field of Hr on the
     antiferromagnetic thin film and a coercivity Hc2 of the other magnetic
     thin film, the condition Hc2&lt;Hr is satisfied. The antiferromagnetic thin
     film is a laminate of a nickel oxide film and an iron oxide film having a
     thickness of 20 to 100 .ANG.."
"A method for magnetic resonance imaging of a part of a human body arranged
     in a steady magnetic field. The part of the body to be imaged may contain,
     for example a coronary artery in the vicinity of the heart. Other feasible
     parts are, for example joints or the cruciate ligaments. To this end, two
     MR images are made of the coronary artery extending between the first
     imaging plane and the second imaging plane of the first and the second MR
     image, respectively, a first cross-section of the coronary artery being
     reproduced in the first MR image whereas a second cross-section of the
     coronary artery is reproduced in the second MR image. Subsequently, a
     third imaging plane for a third MR image is determined by an operator who
     determines two points by indicating, in the first and the second image,
     points of intersection of the first and the second cross-section of the
     coronary artery in the first and the second imaging plane. The parameters
     for forming a third MR image of the third imaging plane are subsequently
     calculated on the basis of these points of intersection and a third point
     that can be chosen at liberty. The third MR image then largely reproduces
     the coronary artery, except when the coronary artery is strongly curved."
"The arrangement for contactless determination of an angular position of a
     rotatable element, such as a camshaft of an internal combustion engine,
     which includes a magnet arranged to rotate with the rotatable element; a
     magnetic field sensor stationary in relation to the rotatable element and
     including a first sensor element (IC1) and a second sensor element (IC2),
     wherein the first sensor element generates a first output signal linearly
     dependent on an angle between the magnetic field and the magnetic field
     sensor according to a magnetoresistive effect, whereby the first output
     signal has respective values between 0.degree. and 180.degree. that repeat
     between 180.degree. and 360.degree., and the second sensor element
     generates a second output signal having a high value between 0.degree. and
     180.degree. and a low value between 180.degree. and 360.degree. according
     to a Hall effect; and an evaluation circuit (A) for analyzing output
     signals of both sensor elements to determine the angular position of the
     rotatable element between 0.degree. and 360.degree.. The evaluating
     circuit finds that the absolute angular position is either of two angular
     orientations spaced 180.degree. from each other only from the signal from
     the first sensor element and selects one of them as the absolute angular
     position according to the second output signal."
"An information storage system having a ring head in such close proximity to
     a rigid magnetic storage disk that the magnetic field felt by the media
     layer or layers of the disk has a larger perpendicular than longitudinal
     component so that data is stored in a perpendicular mode. Reading of data
     is accomplished with a magnetoresistive sensor which may be coupled to the
     magnetically permeable core of the ring head far from the poletips, which
     may contact the disk. The media preferably has a high perpendicular
     anisotropy, and may be formed in a plurality of films with crystalline
     structures traversing the films."
"A signal amplifying circuit has a differential amplifying circuit, a
     capacitor and a voltage follower. This circuit takes as input signal the
     signals outputted from the two terminals of an MR element to which a bias
     electric current is supplied, and amplifies and outputs the difference in
     input signals from output terminals. One input terminal of this circuit is
     connected directly with one of the terminals of the MR element. A
     capacitor connects the other input terminal of this circuit with the
     another terminal of the MR element. The two input terminals of this
     circuit are connected respectively with a non-inverting input terminal and
     an inverting input terminal of the voltage follower. The voltage follower
     provides an output to an input terminal of this circuit via a resistance."
"Disclosed is a magnetic detector in which a GMR device is operated within
     the limited range of a magnetic field so as to optimize changes in
     resistance value of the GMR device and to improve noise resistance. The
     magnetic detector comprises a magnet (4) for generating a magnetic field,
     a rotary member (2) of magnetic material arranged with a predetermined gap
     left relative to the magnet and provided with projections capable of
     changing the magnetic field generated by the magnet, and a giant
     magnetoresistance device (3) of which resistance value is changed
     depending on the magnetic field changed by the rotary member of magnetic
     material. The giant magnetoresistance device is arranged in such a
     position with a predetermined gap relative to the magnetic field
     generating means that the giant magnetoresistance device is subject to a
     bias magnetic field applied with the intensity of magnetic field in a
     predetermined range, e.g., 100.+-.150 [Oe], where the giant
     magnetoresistance device exhibits a high resistance change rate."
"A magnetoresistance device comprising at least two ferromagnetic layers
     separated by a non-magnetic layer, the coercive force of one of the
     ferromagnetic layers being enhanced by a coercive force enhancement layer
     of an antiferromagnetic material disposed adjacent to the one of the
     ferromagnetic layer thereby pinning magnetization inversion in the one of
     the ferromagnetic layer, the other ferromagnetic layer serving as a free
     ferromagnetic layer in which magnetization inversion is allowed, wherein
     the spin orientation in the coercive force enhancement layer is aligned in
     a multilayer fashion into a direction substantially parallel to the plane
     of the coercive force enhancement layer. A method of producing such a
     device is also disclosed."
"A probe instrument using room-temperature sensor(s) that can measure
     magnetic susceptibilities variations. The instrument has sufficient
     resolution to monitor paramagnetic materials in a human body, and
     preferably iron in a human liver by noninvasively examining patients with
     iron-overload diseases. The instrument includes room temperature magnetic
     sensors, and detects the sample, that is the tissue response to an
     alternating current field applied by an applied field coil. The sensors
     that can be used include magnetoresistive, fluxgate and magnetoinductive
     sensors. The applied field coil dimensions are chosen so that the applied
     field is optimized for maximum response from the liver while minimizing
     the effects due to the overlying abdominal tissue and at the same time not
     unduly increasing the sensitivity of the instrument to the lung. To
     minimize noise introduced in the sensor due to fluctuations in the applied
     field, the applied field is canceled at the position of the sensor, i.e.
     the real and imaginary parts of the applied field are canceled. To
     overcome variations in the sensor output due to fluctuations in the
     applied field, change in the ambient temperature and mechanical relaxation
     of the instrument, the sensor-sample distance is modulated. The detector
     assembly is oscillated while the examined patient remains stationary. The
     detector's applied field coil is fabricated on a printed circuit board and
     is attached firmly to a solid nonmetallic support structure forming part
     of a detector. This improves mechanical and thermal stability, and makes
     for a precise and inexpensive fabrication of the applied field coil. The
     detector assembly forms part of a probe instrument for performing
     noninvasively the paramagnetic concentration of a patient."
"A bilayer seed layer structure is employed between a first read gap layer
     and a spin valve sensor for increasing the magnetoresistive coefficient
     (dr/R). In a bottom spin valve sensor the bilayer seed layer structure is
     located between the first read gap layer and a pinning layer and in a top
     spin valve sensor the bilayer seed layer structure is located between the
     first read gap layer and the free layer. The pinning layer is preferably
     iridium manganese (IrMn). The bilayer seed layer structure includes a
     first seed layer which is a metallic oxide and a second seed layer that is
     a nonmagnetic metal. A preferred embodiment is a first seed layer of
     nickel manganese oxide (NiMnO) and a second seed layer of copper (Cu)."
"A capping structure is provided for a spin valve sensor which improves its
     magnetoresistive coefficient (dr/R). In one embodiment the capping
     structure includes a first layer of cobalt iron (CoFe) and a second layer
     of tantalum (Ta). In a second embodiment the capping structure includes a
     first layer of cobalt iron (CoFe) or cobalt (Co), a second layer of copper
     (Cu) and a third layer of tantalum (Ta)."
"A magneto-resistive (MR) head of a new structure provides a linear output
     according to the variation of a recording magnetic flux. The
     magneto-resistive head generates an electrical output corresponding to the
     variation of a recording magnetic flux recorded on a disk, and includes an
     MR element portion disposed in such a manner that the forward (easy)
     direction of the MR element portion parallels the direction of the
     recording magnetic flux, and conductors coupled to the MR element portion
     through which a measured current flows. The MR head has linear output
     characteristics with respect to the variation of the recording magnetic
     flux. Also, the MR head does not need a bias means as does the
     conventional MR head."
"A signal amplifying circuit for an MR element in which a first terminal of
     a selected MR element is connected to input of an amplifier through a
     first resistor as well as to a second input of the amplifier through a
     second resistor, and a second terminal of the MR element is connected to
     the input of the amplifier through a capacitor. The effect of an offset
     voltage generated in the MR element can be suppressed to minimum with a
     simple configuration."
"In a method for operating a MR-tomography device, and MR-tomography device,
     the gradient coil system can be switched to different field qualities
     during a pulse sequence, so that an optimized field quality can be chosen
     during the individual measuring phases of a pulse sequence."
"The sensor device accurately measures small angle changes of mechanical
     parts that rotate relative to each other. The sensor device includes only
     one cylindrical magnet (3) extending axially from a first part; two
     magnetoresistive sensors (5',5"") mounted on a second part and located in
     the magnetic field of the sole magnet (3), the two magnetoresistive
     sensors having respective magnetic field sensitive layers (MS) facing a
     magnetic pole of the magnet (3), extending tangentially to a rotation
     direction in which the parts rotate relative to each other and generating
     respective output signals according to magnetic field line direction; and
     a device (PT) for combining the respective output signals of the two
     magnetoresistive sensors (5',5"") to produce a combined output signal
     characteristic of the relative rotation angle of the parts. The combined
     output signal is set to zero when the parts are at a predetermined
     relative rotation angle."
"A magneto-resistance device comprising two layers of ferromagnetic material
     mutually separated by at least one interposed layer of non-ferromagnetic
     material, in which at least one of the layers of ferromagnetic material
     comprises half-metallic material, and preferably both ferromagnetic layers
     are principally comprised of half-metallic material."
"Thin-film magnetic head having a head face (103) and comprising a
     magnetoresistive element (109) oriented transversely to the head face and
     a flux-guiding element (107) of a magnetically permeable material
     terminating in the head face. A peripheral area (109a) of the
     magnetoresistive element extending parallel to the head face is present
     opposite the flux-guiding element for forming a magnetic connection
     between the magnetoresistive element and the flux-guiding element. The
     flux-guiding element and the peripheral area of the magnetoresistive
     element constitute a common magnetic contact face (111), while the
     magnetically permeable material of the flux-guiding element is
     electrically insulating."
"The present invention provides a magnetic disc apparatus comprising a
     vertical two-layered magnetic recording (MR) medium and a mono-pole/MR
     composite head or ID/MR composite head, wherein the vertical two-layered
     magnetic recording medium includes a vertical magnetization film formed on
     an undercoat soft magnetic film having no magnetic domain wall structure.
     This eliminates the fatal defect of a conventional vertical two-layered
     medium that an undercoat soft magnetic film domain wall is easily shifted
     by an external magnetic field generated by motors for disc rotation and
     head positioning, causing demagnetization of the recording magnetization
     to lower the output. The magnetic disc apparatus according to the present
     invention enables to obtain a high output stability."
"A method for forming a longitudinally magnetically biased dual stripe
     magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element comprises forming a first patterned
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer. Contact the opposite ends of the patterned
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer with a first pair of stacks defining a track
     width of the first magnetoresistive (MR) layer, each of the stacks
     including a first Anti-Ferro-Magnetic (AFM) layer and a first lead layer.
     Then anneal the device in the presence of a longitudinal external magnetic
     field. Next, form a second patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer above the
     previous structure. Contact the opposite ends of the second patterned
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer with a second pair of stacks defining a second
     track width of the second patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer. Each of
     the second pair of stacks includes spacer layer composed of a metal, a
     Ferro-Magnetic (FM) layer, a second Anti-Ferro-Magnetic (AFM) layer and a
     second lead layer. Then anneal the device in the presence of a second
     longitudinal external magnetic field."
"A method is provided for 3-D MR imaging of structure such as a cardiac
     region of a subject, which is disposed to cyclical motion. The method
     comprises detecting commencement of each of a succession of motion cycles,
     and acquiring a set of MR views of the region during each motion cycle.
     Each view is at a known radial distance from the center of a
     two-dimensional k-space, and each set includes a view of lowest spatial
     frequency, which is located proximate to the k-space center. The order in
     which the views of respective sets are acquired is selected so that the
     lowest frequency views of respective sets are each acquired at the same
     specified time, following commencement of their respectively corresponding
     motion cycles. The views of each set collectively define a segment in the
     k-space, respective segments being placed in an interleaved spiral or
     elliptical arrangement with respect to one another."
"A system and method for providing a magnetoresistive head is disclosed. The
     method and system include providing a spin valve including a synthetic
     free layer. The synthetic free layer includes a ferromagnetic layer. The
     method and system also include providing an antiferromagnetic biasing
     layer exchange coupled to a first portion of the ferromagnetic layer. The
     antiferromagnetic biasing layer magnetically biases the synthetic free
     layer to ensure the single domain structure and reduce noise."
"A bilayer interlayer comprising first and second layers of cobalt iron
     (CoFe) and nickel iron (NiFe) respectively is located between a nickel
     oxide pinning layer and a cobalt iron (CoFe) pinned layer structure of a
     spin valve sensor. The pinned layer structure may be an antiparallel (AP)
     pinned layer structure or a single pinned layer of cobalt iron (CoFe). The
     bilayer interlayer reduces the coercivity of the cobalt iron (CoFe) pinned
     layer structure so that a magnetic moment of the pinned layer structure is
     returned to its original position by exchange coupling with the pinning
     layer when the magnetic moment is rotated to some direction other than the
     pinned direction. The spin valve sensor manifests an improved
     magnetoresistive coefficient (dr/R) and thermal stability."
"A bottom spin valve sensor employs a seed layer for a nickel oxide (NiO)
     antiferromagnetic pinning layer for the purpose of increasing
     magnetoresistance of the sensor (dR/R). The spin valve sensor can be a
     simple spin valve or an antiparallel (AP) spin valve sensor. In the
     preferred embodiment the seed layer is tantalum oxide Ta.sub.y O.sub.x or
     copper (Cu)."
"A hard disk drive prevents a data read error by optimizing a bias current
     supplied to an MR-element. Signal patterns of given amplitudes are written
     in a data area of the recording media, and sample-and-hold values of a
     read signal in the above signal patterns are read and stored while
     changing the bias current supplied to a selected MR-element. The stored
     sample-and-hold values are searched to select a sample-and-hold value
     equal to the amplitude of the signal patterns written in the data area,
     and the bias current supplied to the MR-element is determined as an
     optimal value to obtain the selected sample-and-hold value. The optimal
     value of the bias current may be written in a maintenance area of the
     recording media and is then read upon power up of the hard disk drive."
"A compact and inexpensive MR array of rows of MR elements on a single die,
     each MR element being composed of a number of serially connected MR
     segments. The MR elements are arranged and configured so as to produce a
     variety of MR array geometries suitable for specialized sensing schemes,
     wherein an MR array is defined as having three or more MR elements.
     According to a first aspect, a magnetoresistive die having a uniform MR
     array is provided, wherein the MR elements and MR segments thereof are
     mutually uniform. According to a second aspect, a magnetoresistive die of
     at least one nonuniform MR array is provided, wherein at least one of
     following is nonuniform across the MR array: a) the MR segment resistance
     and/or magnetic sensitivity, b) the MR element spacing, c) the MR element
     lengths, d) the MR element orientations, e) combinations thereof, and f)
     multiple arrays of combinations thereof. An MR array according to the
     first and second aspects of the present invention are capable of detecting
     two-dimensional movement of a magnetic target in relation to the MR array."
"A magnetoresistive sensor is fabricated as follows. First of all, first
     antiferromagnetic layers are created on the upper surfaces on both sides
     of a lower-gap layer, sandwiching a track width on the upper surface of
     the lower-gap layer. Then, a free magnetic layer, a nonmagnetic
     electrically conductive layer, a pinned magnetic layer and a second
     antiferromagnetic layer are stacked on the first antiferromagnetic layers
     and a portion on the track width one after another in the order the layers
     are enumerated. Since the free magnetic layer is created after the first
     antiferromagnetic layer, the free magnetic layer and the first
     antiferromagnetic layer are adhered to each other with a high degree of
     reliability. When the direction of magnetization in the free magnetic
     layer is changed by an external magnetic field, the electrical resistance
     of the magnetoresistive sensor also changes. The change in electrical
     resistance is, in turn, used for detecting the external magnetic field.
     Since the first antiferromagnetic layers put the free magnetic layer in a
     single-domain state in the X direction, the amount of Barkhausen noise can
     be reduced."
"A magnetic material is used for the gate of a MOSFET, and tunnel junctions
     are formed between a magnetic electrode and the gate electrode, and
     between a nonmagnetic electrode and the gate electrode. The magnetic gate
     electrode is biased through the two tunnel junctions, and the drain
     current of the MOSFET changes with a change in an external magnetic field,
     according to the tunneling magnetoresistance effect. Thus, the MOSFET can
     be used as a magnetic sensor, as the reading element in a read/write head,
     or in a magnetic memory cell of a magnetic random access memory."
"An RF quadrature detection coil for interventional MRI comprises two nested
     orthogonal coils having generally rectangular shape in profile, each coil
     providing one ""channel"" of signal for quadrature detection. Each
     rectangular coil has two conductor windings and a common side in which the
     two conductors along that side are displaced apart in a common plane
     orthogonal to the plane of the coil to form a circular opening. The two
     individual coils are configured such that their rectangular conductor
     winding portions lie in planes perpendicular to each other but their
     arcuate conductor winding portions coincide in the same plane. Four
     paralleled conductors are arranged around the shared circular opening
     while two paralleled conductors form the three sides of the rectangular
     portion of each individual coil. With this arrangement, the circular
     opening allows for entry of a body part for MR imaging while the spaces
     between the orthogonal rectangular sides of the two coils provide large
     open access areas for one or more instruments during interventional
     procedures."
"A magnetoresistive device of the present invention includes: a soft
     magnetic layer; a hard magnetic layer; a non-magnetic layer formed between
     the soft magnetic layer and the hard magnetic layer; and an interface
     magnetic layer, provided at an interface between the soft magnetic layer
     and the non-magnetic layer, for enhancing magnetic scattering, wherein the
     soft magnetic layer includes an amorphous structure."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) device includes a sensor that has a first surface
     electrically coupled to a first lead structure, and a second surface
     electrically coupled to a second lead structure. The first lead structure
     and second lead structure each include an insulation layer with an
     aperture that is aligned with the sensor. Conductive materials, disposed
     within the apertures, are electrically coupled to said first and second
     surfaces of the sensor, respectively, thereby restricting the current flow
     of an applied current as it passes through the sensor. The first lead
     structure can further include a shield and a sense lead, each of which are
     electrically coupled with the conductive material disposed within the
     first aperture, while the second lead structure can further include a
     shield and sense lead which are electrically couple with said conductive
     material disposed with the second aperture. Also, the conductive material
     can form part of the shield or sense lead."
"A magnetoresistive sensor has a read gap that is made of a slow ion milling
     rate material. The slow milling rate read gap allows a blunt end to be
     formed for the sensor without excessive overmilling into the read gap. The
     read gap may also be formed of plural layers with at least one of the
     layers having a low milling rate. This allows the other read gap layer to
     have complimentary attributes, such as high thermal conductivity, low
     stress, less pinholes and/or better dielectric properties. The
     electromagnetic characteristics of MR sensors having such steeply sloped
     ends are enhanced both in reading signals and reducing noise. The track
     width of such a sensor can be more accurately formed due to the blunt
     shape of the contiguous junction, quantizing signals and reducing errors
     from reading adjacent tracks. The sensor can also be made to have a
     sharper linear bit resolution, due to a thinner, high-integrity read gap.
     Barkhausen noise is reduced, as well as signal biasing improved, with
     blunt contiguous junctions formed between the sensor ends and lead or bias
     layers."
"A hard disk drive head operates in close proximity and dynamic contact with
     a rapidly spinning rigid disk surface, the head including a transducer
     with a magnetically permeable path between a poletip disposed adjacent to
     the disk surface and a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor situated outside the
     range of thermal noise generated by the surface contact. The magnetically
     permeable path is the same as that used to write data to the disk,
     eliminating errors that occur in conventional transducers having MR
     sensors at a separate location from the writing poletips. Moreover, the
     magnetically permeable path is preferably formed in a low profile, highly
     efficient ""planar"" loop that allows for manufacturing tolerances in throat
     height and wear of the terminal poletips from disk contact without poletip
     saturation or poletip smearing. The MR layer is formed in one of the first
     manufacturing steps atop the substrate, so that the MR layer has a
     relatively uniform planar template that is free from contaminants. A
     preferred embodiment has a laminated yoke for improved high frequency
     efficiency, with the MR element situated between the yoke lamina for
     improved sensitivity."
"A magnetoresistive sensor fabricated by creating first antiferromagnetic
     layers on the upper surfaces of a lower-gap layer, the antiferromagnetic
     layer having first and second exposed portions separated by a track width
     formed by the upper surface of the lower-gap layer. Then, a free magnetic
     layer, a nonmagnetic electrically conductive layer, a pinned magnetic
     layer and a second antiferromagnetic layer are stacked on the first
     antiferromagnetic layers and a portion on the track width one after
     another. Since the free magnetic layer is created after the first
     antiferromagnetic layer, the free magnetic layer and the first
     antiferromagnetic layer are adhered to each other with a high degree of
     reliability. When the direction of magnetization in the free magnetic
     layer is changed by an external magnetic field, the electrical resistance
     of the magnetoresistive sensor also changes. The change in electrical
     resistance is, in turn, used for detecting the external magnetic field.
     Since the first antiferromagnetic layers put the free magnetic layer in a
     single-domain state in the X direction, the amount of Barkhausen noise can
     be reduced."
"In a spin valve type magnetoresistance effect film, an antiferromagnetic
     layer is made of M.sub.x Mn.sub.100-x wherein M represents at least one
     selected from Ru, Rh, Re, Pt, Pd, Au, Ag, Fe, Ni, Ir and Cr, and
     15.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.58 (unit of x: atomic %), and a protective layer formed
     thereon is made of at least one selected from Rh, Ru, Zr and Ti. With this
     arrangement, a magnetoresistance effect film highly excellent in thermal
     stability and small in deterioration of the MR ratio, as well as a
     magnetoresistance effect type head having such a magnetoresistance effect
     film can be obtained."
"A method of manufacturing a thin film merged magnetic head including an
     inductive write structure and a magnetoresistive sensor uses a patterned
     protection layer to protect a second shield/bottom pole layer in regions
     spaced from the pole tip of the inductive write structure. A window is
     provided in the protection layer. During manufacture, the configuration
     comprises a first shield layer, a magnetoresistive element, a second
     shield layer serving as a bottom pole, a protection layer, a protection
     window, a write gap, a top pole, and a pole tip structure. The use of a
     protection layer and window results in the formation of channels in the
     second shield layer adjacent to a pedestal that supports the inductive
     write structure. The channels prevent magnetic flux from extending toward
     the second shield layer beyond the width of the pole tip structure. This
     structure reduces side writing with a consequent improvement in off-track
     performance. The width of the second shield layer allows the
     magnetoresistive element to be shielded."
"A method and apparatus for improving a thermal response of a
     (magnetoresistive) MR element. In one embodiment, the thermal response is
     improved by reducing the heat transfer from the MR element to a shield
     layer. For example, an insulation layer between the MR element and the
     shield layer may be a material having a lower thermal conductivity than is
     conventional. In another embodiment, the thermal response is improved by
     controlling the heating of the MR element based on feedback signal from
     the MR element, for example, a thermal signal and/or a magnetic or thermal
     spacing signal. The controlled heating of the MR element may be provided
     by a heating element, a write element, and/or MR bias current, for
     example."
"A method of controlling magnetic characteristics of a MR element and a
     method of controlling magnetic characteristics of a magnetic head with the
     MR element utilizing exchange coupling magnetization, include a step of
     supplying discrete rectangular waveform currents or a rectangular waveform
     current to the MR element so as to generate magnetic field in a desired
     direction and to generate joule heat, the generated magnetic field and the
     generated joule heat being applied to the MR element, and a step of
     controlling a duty ratio of the discrete rectangular waveform currents or
     a time constant of the falling of the rectangular waveform current so that
     a temperature of the MR element is controlled under a desired temperature
     change characteristics, whereby a magnetization direction caused by the
     exchange coupling in the MR element is aligned to a desired direction."
"A magnetic detector is disclosed with a power-on function which can
     essentially eliminate temperature characteristics of a magnetic field
     sensing device and improve edge detecting accuracy of alternately
     projected and recessed portions of a moving member of magnetic material.
     The magnetic detector comprises a magnet for generating a magnetic field,
     a rotary member of magnetic material disposed with a predetermined gap
     remaining relative to the magnet and having alternately projected and
     recessed portions to change the magnetic field generated by the magnet, a
     magnetoresistive device comprising a plurality of magnetic field sensing
     elements and detecting changes in the magnetic field by movement of the
     rotary member of magnetic material, and a magnetic guide for adjusting
     changes in the magnetic field caused by the alternately projected and
     recessed portions of the rotary member of magnetic material."
"A magnetic random access memory circuit comprises first and second row
     decoders receiving a part of a given address, first and second column
     decoders receiving the other part of a given address, a plurality of pairs
     of sense lines connected between output terminals of the first row decoder
     and output terminals of the second row decoder, each pair of sense lines
     being located adjacent to each other, a plurality of word lines connected
     between output terminals of the first column decoder and output terminals
     of the second column decoder, and extending to intersect the sense lines
     so that intersections of the sense lines and the word lines are located in
     the form of a matrix. A memory array includes a plurality of cell pairs
     distributed over the matrix, each cell pair including a memory cell and a
     reference cell located adjacent to each other. Each of the memory cell and
     the reference cell includes a magneto-resistive element. The memory cell
     and the reference cell of each cell pair are located at intersections of
     one word line and one pair of sense lines, respectively. The memory cell
     of the each cell pair is connected between one sense line of the one pair
     of sense lines and the one word line, and the reference cell of the each
     cell pair is connected between the other sense line of the one pair of
     sense lines and the one word line."
"A spin valve magnetoresistive sensor of the type used in a data storage
     system includes a free layer extending in a sensor plane. The free layer
     has a magnetization which changes in the presence of a magnetic field. An
     artificial antiferromagnet layer is used as a pinned layer. The artificial
     antiferromagnet layer includes a first ferromagnetic layer extending in
     the sensor plane which has a first ferromagnetic layer vector. A second
     ferromagnetic layer extends in the sensor plane and includes a second
     ferromagnetic layer vector. A spacer layer of non-magnetic material
     extends in the sensor plane and is positioned between the first and second
     ferromagnetic layers. The first and second magnetization vectors in the
     first and second ferromagnetic layers include vector components which are
     directed perpendicular to the air bearing surface which is parallel to the
     sensor plane due to a DC bias field provided by two permanent magnet
     poles."
"A magnetoresistive element for a dual element read head should exhibit
     uniform current density for proper biasing and Barkhausen noise limiting.
     Each element is a thin film MR layer normal to the magnetic media. Each
     element includes a front edge parallel with the magnetic media surface. A
     back edge, longer than the front edge, is opposite the front edge.
     Conductors through which current enters and exits the MR layer are
     adjacent to either end of the back edge."
"A magnetic field sensor which includes a planar thin-film element made of a
     crystalline magnetoresistive material exhibiting resistivity anisotropy in
     a plane, having a first and a second easy axis of magnetization. The
     planar thin-film element has electrical connections allowing a first
     electrical measurement current to flow through the planar thin-film
     element in a first direction, as well as two other electrical connections
     allowing a voltage to be measured in a second direction transverse to the
     first direction. The two easy axes of magnetization have comparable
     magnetization values. The sensor includes an electrical conductor placed
     parallel to the first easy axis of magnetization, insulated from the
     magnetoresistive material, and allowing an electrical control current to
     flow, in which the control current induces, in the planar thin-film
     element, a magnetic field which imposes, when the sensor is not in use, an
     orientation of the direction of magnetization of the element parallel to
     the second easy axis of magnetization."
"A sensor for measuring linear or angular dimension. The sensor can be moved
     with respect to a magnetized scale with a period .lambda.. It is equipped
     with magnetoresistive electrodes provided with barber-pole structures and
     connected so as to form n measuring bridges, each measuring bridge formed
     by four sets of magnetoresistive electrodes.
The magnetoresistive electrodes making up each set are connected in series,
     the magnetoresistive electrodes being distributed spatially so as to
     constitute x groups. Each group being formed by more than eight
     consecutive magnetoresistive electrodes coming from two sets of a same
     measuring bridge."
"A magnetoresistive sensor includes a plurality of multilayered
     magnetoresistive films arranged in parallel. Each multilayered
     magnetoresistive film includes at least one pinned ferromagnetic layer and
     at least one free magnetic layer. Reversion of magnetization of the pinned
     ferromagnetic layer is pinned, whereas the vector of magnetization of the
     free ferromagnetic layer freely reverses in response to an external
     magnetic field. The vectors of magnetization of the pinned ferromagnetic
     layers in two adjacent multilayered magnetoresistive films are
     substantially antiparallel to each other."
"A magnetic structure, such as a magnetoresistive sensor, having a
     continuous multi-region magnetic layer in which the magnetic and
     electrical characteristics of each region is locally defined. In the
     preferred embodiment, the continuous multi-region magnetic layer has high
     coercivity end regions separated by a low coercivity central region."
"High-performance amagnetic gap layers for electromagnetic transducers are
     thermally conductive and electrically insulative, as well as providing a
     dense amorphous surface for forming magnet resistive sensor elements. The
     amagnetic gap layers include nonmonocrystalline compounds of AIN, SiC,
     SiO.sub.2, Si.sub.3 N.sub.4, BeO and Ta.sub.2 O.sub.3. The layers provide
     greatly increased thermal conductivity and breakdown voltage as compared
     with alumina, and are particularly suited for giant magnetoresistive and
     spin-valve heads."
"A cobalt-chromium (Co-Cr) magnetic film electrodeposited on the surface of
     an aluminum alloy. A process for making an aluminum alloy electrodeposited
     a cobalt-chromium (Co-Cr) magnetic film comprises the steps of chemically
     polishing an aluminum alloy substrate, pretreating either with phosphate
     or with zincate and electrodepositing in a plating bath containing cobalt
     and chromium ions to prepare the cobalt-chromium thin film on the aluminum
     alloy. Chromium content in the film can be designed by adjusting the
     parameters of pretreatment and electroplating. The produced
     cobalt-chromium film can flexibly adjust the magnetic characteristics
     (e.g. coercive force (Hc) and ramanence magnetization (Mr)) and is
     suitable for use in a magnetic recorder. The chemical composition,
     adhesion, microhardness, magnetic properties of the deposits indicate that
     the Co-Cr films produced are satisfactory for magnetic recording service."
"An MR tomograph, the magnet system (2) and gradient system of which permit
     access to the investigation volume along at least two essentially
     orthogonal axes, comprises a positioning system for the exact
     determination of the position of a manually guided manipulator (12)
     relative to the measuring object (6) which is investigated by means of
     imaging MR measurement and located in the investigation volume (3) of the
     MR tomograph (1); with a mounting frame (11) with which the manipulator
     (12) is connected via movable mechanics comprising a measuring means
     through which the respective spatial position of the manipulator (12)
     relative to the mounting frame (11) can be determined, wherein the
     measuring means of the movable mechanics does not utilize any MR signals
     and wherein the measured position of the manipulator (12) is displayed on
     the MR image. In this way, minimum-invasive operations, e.g. by means of a
     biopsy needle, can be carried out manually and the position of the
     manipulator, used in this connection, within the measuring object can be
     monitored by means of simultaneously recorded MR slice images during the
     operation and can be corrected, if necessary."
"Bias layers for a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor have an in-plane easy axis
     of magnetization for providing a longitudinal bias to MR layers. The bias
     layers include cobalt (Co), and are formed on various underlayers having
     crystalline structures that encourage an in-plane alignment of the C-axis
     of that Co. Preferred underlayers include nickel aluminum (NiAl) and
     magnesium oxide (MgO), and an interlayer containing chromium (Cr) may be
     interposed between a bias layer and an underlayer."
"A disk drive system having a magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) sensor having
     two MTJ stacks between first and second shields and a common electrode
     disposed between the two MTJ stacks. A first sense current is provided to
     the first MTJ stack by the first shield and the common electrode and a
     second sense current is provided to the second MTJ stack by the second
     shield and the common electrode. The magnetization directions of the
     pinned layers of the first and second MTJ stacks are fixed perpendicular
     to the ABS and antiparallel with respect to each other so that the
     magnetoresistive signal generated due to an external field from a disk by
     the first MTJ stack differs in phase by 180.degree. with respect to the
     magnetoresistive signal generated due to the same external field by the
     second MTJ stack. The voltages developed across the two MTJ stacks
     (voltages due to the presence of thermal asperities and voltages due to
     the presence of data fields) are applied to the inputs of a differential
     amplifier for substantial elimination of the thermal asperity signal."
"A stable pinned structure for a magnetoresistive sensor includes a pair of
     ferromagnetic layers sandwiched about an antiferromagnetic layer, the
     ferromagnetic layers having substantially opposite magnetic directions
     magnetostatically coupled and pinned by the antiferromagnetic layer. A
     free layer of ferromagnetic material has a magnetic direction that can
     rotate in the presence of an applied magnetic field so that the field can
     be sensed. A second free layer may be provided, such that the free layers
     are sandwiched about the pinned structure, with the sensor configured for
     amplifying signals and minimizing common mode noise."
"A magnetic field sensor in which a magnetic film or films having a
     magnetoresistance effect for detecting a magnetic field and a conductor
     electrode film for applying a current to the magnetic film are deposited
     on a flexible substrate. Therefore, the magnetic field sensor deposited on
     the flexible substrate can be bent as desired. The magnetic film or films
     can be deposited on one face of the flexible substrate made of resin that
     is 5 to 300 .mu.m thick while the other substrate face on the opposite
     side of the flexible substrate can be brought adjacent to a body inducing
     a change in a magnetic field that is undergoing detection. be deformed."
"In a magneto-resistance effect device including a plurality of magnetic
     dots each of which is formed by magnetic material on a substrate and
     appears a magneto-resistance effect by applying an external magnetic
     field, the magnetic dots are arranged on the substrate in a
     two-dimensional array. The two-dimensional array has a plurality of rows
     along a column direction and a plurality of columns along a row direction.
     The magnetic dots include at least first magnetic dots and second magnetic
     dots. The first magnetic dots are arranged on first rows while the second
     magnetic dots are arranged on second rows. The first magnetic dot is
     different from the second magnetic dot in shape."
"A magnetoresistance effect type head of the present invention has a spin
     valve type magnetoresistance effect film. A pulse magnetic field process
     is carried out wherein a pulse magnetic field of the pulse magnetic field
     intensity I of 5 kOe to 40 kOe is intermittently applied to the
     magnetoresistance effect film upon executing a so-called magnetization
     orthogonalization process. As a result, there can be obtained the
     magnetoresistance effect type head, wherein the orthogonalization of
     magnetization of a soft magnetic layer and a ferromagnetic layer is
     achieved under a very low temperature condition, i.e. without heating up
     to a blocking temperature Tb, and over a short time, so that deterioration
     of a magnetic characteristic is quite small, a head characteristic is
     stable and a head output is large."
"The present invention provides a method for forming a dual giant
     magnetoresistive sensor. First and second spin valves are first formed and
     arranged such that a dielectric layer is positioned between the first and
     the second spin valves. The first spin valve has a plurality of layers
     including a first antiferromagnetic layer and a first pinned layer. The
     second spin valve has a plurality of layers including a second
     antiferromagnetic layer and a second pinned layer. First and second
     currents are supplied respectively to first and second spin valves. The
     first current generates a first magnetic field on the first pinned layer
     that orients a magnetization of the first pinned layer in a first desired
     direction. The second current generates a second magnetic field on the
     second pinned layer that orients a magnetization of the second
     antiferromagnetic layer in a second desired direction. While continuing to
     supply the first and the second currents, the dual giant magnetoresistive
     sensor is cooled from a temperature greater than Neel temperatures of both
     first and second antiferromagnetic layers to a temperature below the Neel
     temperature of both first and second antiferromagnetic layers."
"The back end of an MR sensor and a flux guide are joined by a contiguous
     self-aligned junction so that a predictable overlap of the flux guide on
     the back end of the MR sensor can be achieved for optimizing signal flux
     density in the MR sensor. Lead/longitudinal bias layers for the MR sensor
     are also joined by a contiguous self-aligned junction to the flux guide
     for stabilizing the flux guide. By employing a single lift off resist mask
     the MR sensor and the lead/longitudinal bias layers can be patterned
     followed by deposition of the flux guide. The flux guide is a bilayer of
     an insulation material layer and a flux guide material layer. The
     insulation material layer is sandwiched between the MR sensor and the flux
     guide material layer and between the lead/longitudinal bias layers and the
     flux guide material layer. A heat guide or combined flux guide and heat
     guide may be substituted for the aforementioned flux guide."
"A detector for the rotational angle of a motor and a small brushless or
     stepping motor having the detector built therein are disclosed. A sensor
     probe of the detector is provided with a wire configuration comprising a
     giant magnetoresistive element (sensor element) enabled to read a change
     in magnetic field up to at least 10 kOe, a first sensor lead and a second
     sensor lead connected one each to the opposite terminals of the
     magnetoresistive element, and an insulating layer interposed between the
     two sensor leads. The sensor probe of the detector is disposed inside a
     motor housing as approximated closely to the magnetic teeth of a rotor of
     the motor. The giant magnetoresistive element is formed of a magnetic
     particle dispersion type giant magnetoresistive material, an artificial
     lattice type giant magnetoresistive material, or a colossal
     magnetoresistive material."
"Disclosed are apparatus and methods for efficiently writing states to one
     or more magneto-resistive elements. In one embodiment, current switches
     are provided for directing a write current through a number of write lines
     to control the write state of the magneto-resistive elements. In another
     embodiment, a sense current is selectively controlled to control which
     magneto-resistive elements are written to a particular state. In both
     embodiments, a latching element may be used to sense the state of the
     magneto-resistive elements, and may assume a corresponding logic state."
"An apparatus and method is disclosed for an enhanced double tunnel junction
     sensor which utilizes an enhancement layer(s) to enhance magnetoresistance
     (MR coefficient) and resonant tunneling. Additionally, a combined
     read/write head and disk drive system is disclosed utilizing the enhanced
     double tunnel junction sensor of the present invention. The enhancement
     layers improve the resonant tunneling and boost the MR coefficient to
     achieve a higher tunnel magnetoresistance (TMR) for the structure with
     applied dc bias. This is accomplished by using enhancement layers that
     create a quantum well between the enhancement layer and the pinned layer,
     which causes resonance, enhancing the tunneling electrons. By doing this,
     the tunneling constraints on the free layer are decoupled, allowing the
     free layer to be made thicker which results in reducing or eliminating
     free layer magnetic saturation caused by an external magnetic source. As
     the enhanced double tunnel junction sensor is positioned over the magnetic
     disk, the external magnetic fields sensed from the rotating disk moves the
     direction of magnetic moment of the free layer up or down, changing the
     resistance through the tunnel junction sensor. As the tunnel current is
     conducted through the tunnel junction sensor, the increase and decrease of
     electron tunneling (i.e., increase and decrease in resistance) are
     manifested as potential changes. These potential changes are then
     processed as readback signals by the processing circuitry of the disk
     drive."
"A magneto-resistance (MR) effect element in which a temperature causing
     rotation of the magnetization direction can be adjusted by controlling a
     thickness of a layer constituting a superlattice of a magnetization-fixing
     layer made from a combination of a metal antiferromagnetic layer and/or a
     ferrimagnetic layer."
"A keeper layer promotes read signal symmetry of a giant magnetoresistive
     (GMR) read head without shunting sense current. The keeper layer is
     embedded in the first read gap layer of the read head and is completely
     insulated from the other layers of the spin valve sensor as well as from
     the first and second hard bias and lead layers connected to the sensor. A
     demagnetization field from the keeper layer opposes a demagnetization
     field from the pinned layer of the sensor so that fields acting on the
     free layer during a quiescent state of the sensor (sense current field
     conducted without an applied field from a rotating disk) can be balanced
     to a net value of zero so that the magnetic moment of the free layer
     maintains a parallel position with respect to the ABS."
"A magnetoresistive device for recording data includes a first pole
     connected to a second pole that is above the first pole. Above the first
     pole is a first conductive coil imbedded in a first insulation material,
     with at least a portion of the first conductive layer disposed below all
     of the second pole. The first and second poles have a first and second
     pole tip portion, respectively, between which is defined a write gap. A
     first pole pedestal, connected to the first pole at the first pole tip
     portion, and a second pole pedestal, connected to the second pole at the
     second pole tip portion, can be located between the first and second
     poles. Also, additional conductive coils can be included above the first
     conductive coil."
"A quasi contact head comprises a slider with a flying surface opposed to a
     magnetic disk. A composite layer is formed on the slider at its trailing
     end so as to contain a head element such as an MR element. The head
     element is exposed at an exposure surface formed on the composite layer. A
     step serves to retract the exposure surface from the flying surface. An
     edge formed between the step and flying surface is subjected to grinding.
     The edge wears off during the initial rotation of the magnetic disk, so
     that the flying height of the slider can be set lower."
"The novel method of fabrication of the present invention allows
     conventional or other lithography machines to produce very small well
     defined thin film structures or elements. The present invention provides a
     method to produce well defined elements, including sensors or read heads
     well below 0.1 microns, even when using conventional photolithography
     processes. The presently preferred method for forming the thin film device
     of the present invention includes depositing and exposing resist so as to
     define a first thin resist stripe. A portion of the resist is removed
     leaving a first thin strip covering a portion of the first material layer.
     The uncovered portion of the first material layer is removed to leave a
     first material strip. A second resist layer is deposited and exposed so as
     to define a second thin stripe intersecting the first material strip. A
     portion of the second resist layer is removed so as to leave a second thin
     strip of resist covering a portion of the first material strip. The
     uncovered portion of the first material strip is removed leaving the small
     thin film element. Typically, the second thin strip of resist is formed
     perpendicular to the first material strip thereby providing a very small
     thin film element having planar surfaces with precisely defined squared
     corners. A feature of the present invention is that it provides a small
     magneto-resistive read head having a planar sensing surface with abutting
     planar side walls orthogonal to the sensing surface thereby providing a
     well defined small sensor element."
"For a read demodulating unit for demodulating read data and servo data
     which is used for head positioning from a reproduction waveform signal of
     a magneto-resistive head, a thermal asperity fault detecting unit for
     setting a predetermined threshold for the reproduction waveform signal and
     for generating a fault signal when the reproduction waveform signal
     exceeds the threshold is provided. When a thermal asperity fault is
     detected by the thermal asperity fault detecting unit, an increase in
     cut-off frequency of a high pass filter, an automatic gain control lock by
     an automatic gain control holding circuit, and a phase lock loop lock by a
     phase lock loop holding circuit are executed in an error avoiding unit."
"A magnetic recording system high in S/N and low in bit error rate, capable
     of carrying out writing and reading of high recording density of at least
     1 gigabit per 1 square inch and high in reliability can be realized by
     making the magnetic layer of the magnetic recording medium from a mixture
     comprising at least one non-magnetic compound selected from the group
     consisting of oxides and nitrides and a magnetic material comprising Co
     and Pt as main components and specifying the molar ratio of Pt to Co in
     the magnetic layer, and employing a magnetoresistive read back magnetic
     recording head."
"An adaptive hierarchical neural network based system with online adaptation
     capabilities has been developed to automatically adjust the display window
     width and center for MR images. Our windowing system possesses the online
     training capabilities that make the adaptation of the optimal display
     parameters to personal preference as well as different viewing conditions
     possible. The online adaptation capabilities are primarily due to the use
     of the hierarchical neural networks and the development of a new
     width/center mapping system. The large training image set is
     hierarchically organized for efficient user interaction and effective
     re-mapping of the width/center settings in the training data set. The
     width/center values are modified in the training data through a
     width/center mapping function, which is estimated from the new
     width/center values of some representative images adjusted by the user.
     The width/center mapping process consists of a global spline mapping for
     the entire training images as well as a first-order polynomial sequence
     mapping for the image sequences selected in the user's new adjustment
     procedure."
"A non-volatile latch having a power supply terminal and a ground terminal
     is disclosed. The non-volatile latch includes a pair of cross-coupled
     inverter elements each having a power supply terminal and a ground
     terminal. Magneto-resistive elements are interposed between the power
     supply terminals of both cross-coupled inverter elements and the power
     supply terminal of the non-volatile latch. In addition, magneto-resistive
     elements are interposed between the ground terminals of both cross-coupled
     inverter elements and the ground terminal of the non-volatile latch. By
     including magneto-resistive elements in each supply line, the effects of
     transistor parameter variation can be minimized."
"A fully-pinned, flux-closed spin valve (SV) magnetoresistive sensor having
     a reference (pinned) layer with magnetization fixed by a first
     antiferromagnetic (AFM1) layer, and a keeper layer with magnetization
     fixed by a second antiferromagnetic (AFM2) layer. The magnetization of the
     keeper layer is saturated and fixed in an antiparallel orientation to the
     pinned layer magnetization by an exchange interaction with the AFM2 layer.
     The magnetic moments of the pinned layer and the keeper layer are
     approximately matched to form a flux-closed magnetic configuration wherein
     demagnetizing fields in the pinned layer are largely canceled and
     magnetostatic interaction with the free layer is reduced. Saturation of
     the keeper layer magnetization by exchange coupling with the AFM2 layer
     eliminates or reduces magnetization canting at the edges of the keeper
     layer which can result in signal field shunting through the keeper layer.
     AFM1 and AFM2 layers may be formed of the same antiferromagnetic material,
     such as NiO, or alternatively may be formed of different antiferromagnetic
     materials, such as Ni--Mn and NiO, respectively."
"The present invention is a preampifier circuit for magnetoresistive (MR)
     elements which has a high imput impedance with respect to the MR
     resistance so that the resultant system would not be sensitive to the
     series input inductance of the leads necessary to connect the MR element
     with the preamplifier. With former preamplifiers, nearly all are low
     impedance types, (using either BiCMOS or BiPolar technology), or
     differential (using BiPolar technology). The present invention fills a
     need in the prior art by providing a preamplifier curcuit using BiCMOS
     technology with a high input impedance, and single ended (SE) topology for
     minimum power dissipation."
"The potentiometer of the present invention includes at least a pair of
     giant magnetoresistive effect elements, in which the giant
     magnetoresistive effect elements to be paired are formed on a substrate in
     a state that the elements are connected mutually electrically with the
     orientations of magnetization axes of the pinned magnetic layers facing
     180.degree. opposite each other, and a magnetic coding member is rotatably
     provided to face the giant magnetoresistive effect elements on the
     substrate, the magnetic coding member is disposed in such a manner that
     the center of rotation of the magnetic coding member passes through an
     intermediate position of the giant magnetoresistive effect elements to be
     paired, and the magnetic coding member has at least two magnetic poles
     formed along the direction of rotation of itself."
"A preamplifier amplifies a differential signal from a magneto-resistive
     read head. The preamplifier is designed to maximize gain and minimize
     introduction of noise, while maintaining wide bandwidths and common mode
     rejection performance. The emitters of the differential amplifier are
     coupled together by a third transistor and a capacitor."
"A low noise magnetic recording medium having a high coercive force and
     adapted for use with a MR head. The magnetic recording medium comprises a
     non-magnetic substrate having thereon a first non-magnetic underlayer and
     a magnetic layer comprising a Co alloy provided on the non-magnetic
     underlayer. The non-magnetic underlayer comprises an alloy represented by
     the formula: (Ni.sub.50 Al).sub.100-X M.sub.X, wherein M is one of Cr
     (X=1-40 at %), Mo (X=1-50 at %), W (X=1-60 at %), V (X=1-35 at %), Zr
     (X=1-25 at %), Nb (X=1-35 at %) and Pd (X=1-25 at %), and when M includes
     two or more of Cr, Mo, W, V, Zr, Nb and Pd, X is from 1 to 60 at %."
"A viscous fluid clutch includes a rotor attached to an output from an
     engine, a stator attached to a fan assembly and a coil assembly having at
     least a portion attached to the stator. A first gap is defined between the
     rotor and the stator and a second gap is defined between the rotor and the
     coil assembly. The first and second gaps are filled with a magneto
     rheological (MR) fluid. The coil assembly creates a magnetic field in the
     first and second gaps to vary the viscosity of the MR fluid to produce a
     variable speed viscous fluid clutch. The coil assembly includes coil
     windings which are supplied with power through a slip ring assembly. Both
     the coil windings and the wiring between the slip ring assembly and the
     coil windings are isolated from the magneto rheological fluid."
"An electronic compass is described for use in vehicles. The compass employs
     a magnetoresistive sensor for sensing the earth magnetic field and the
     sensor is operated in alternate set/reset bias modes. In a first
     embodiment, the compass is provided with deviation compensation by a
     closed loop system including measurement of the sensor output signals and
     an offset current strap for nullifying the vehicle deviation field. In a
     second embodiment, deviation compensation is provided by operation in an
     initial calibration mode and by operation in a normal compensation mode to
     adjust compensation, as needed, on a long term basis during normal
     operation of the compass. In the initial calibration mode, while the
     vehicle is being driven, the signal peak values are adjusted to a nominal
     earth field level by changing the offset current. Then, compensating
     signal reference values for each axis are determined as each peak for that
     axis is determined. The system automatically exits the initial calibration
     mode when certain criteria have been met. In the normal compensation mode,
     the signal reference value for each axis is adjusted at least once during
     the time interval between turn-on and turn-off of the vehicle ignition
     switch."
"A hybrid device includes a magnetoresistance (MR) element, a resistor
     connected in series to an end of the MR element, and a field effect
     transistor (FET) having its gate electrode connected to the connection
     point of the MR element and the resistor. The hybrid device constitutes an
     essential part of a memory apparatus, in which the other end of the MR
     element and the drain electrode of the FET are grounded, a voltage source
     is provided for applying a predetermined voltage to the MR element, and a
     second voltage source or a current source is provided for flowing a drain
     current in the FET. The memory apparatus can record information by
     utilizing two different states of the resistance of the MR element. The
     FET functions both as an switching element for writing/reading information
     and an amplifying element for boosting the resistance difference. The
     memory apparatus may comprise a plurality of hybrid devices wired so as to
     form an XY-matrix pattern."
"A non-volatile random access memory (NVRAM) of the type with
     magnetoresistive memory elements (1) connected by sets of non-intersecting
     conductor sense lines (3, 4) which define the address of each memory
     element (1) and are connectable to a magnetic write/read recording unit.
     The memory elements are a plurality of magnetoresistive submicron dots or
     wires (1) embedded in a membrane (2) through which the submicron dots or
     wires extend. The sets of non-intersecting conductor sense lines (3, 4)
     are connected to the opposite ends of the submicron dots or wires (1) on
     opposite sides of the membrane. Each magnetoresistive submicron dot or
     wire (1) is composed of ferromagnetic material or a combination of
     ferromagnetic and non-ferromagnetic materials having at least two magnetic
     states (""0""; ""1""), writeable by passing at an appropriate external field a
     writing current pulse (i.sub.w) in its conductor lines (3, 4, 5)
     sufficient to switch its magnetic states and readable by passing a an AC
     or DC current (i.sub.r) in its conductor lines below the level for
     switching its magnetic states."
"A magnetoresistive head in which Barkhausen noise is substantially
     suppressed and a variation in reproduction is minimized, and a magnetic
     disk apparatus using the same magnetic head have been provided. The
     feature of the magnetic head and the magnetic disk apparatus of the
     invention resides in the provision of the longitudinal bias layer which
     comprises a hard magnetic thin film formed on an underlayer made of either
     of a ferromagnetic thin film having a body-centered cubic lattice crystal
     structure formed of body-centered cells, an amorphous ferromagnetic thin
     film or antiferromagnetic thin film having a body-centered cubic lattice
     crystal structure formed of body-centered cells."
"The present invention provides a thin film head having a magnetoresistance
     effect element which includes at least two magnetic films, a nonmagnetic
     film sandwiched between the magnetic films, and leads connected to the
     magnetoresistance effect element wherein the width of one of the magnetic
     films, which essentially responds to a signal magnetic field, is not more
     than a distance between leads. The present invention provides a thin film
     head having a magnetoresistance effect element which includes at least two
     magnetic films and a nonmagnetic film sandwiched between the magnetic
     films, which makes use of a change in magnetic resistance caused by
     spin-dependent scattering, wherein at least a portion of one magnetic
     films, which essentially respond to a signal magnetic field extends in a
     direction same as that of the signal magnetic field."
"A magnetoresistive head includes a magnetoresistive element sandwiched
     between a pair of soft magnetic material-made shields to detect signal
     from a magnetic tape under a magnetoresistance effect, the
     magnetoresistive element having a magnetic sensor disposed obliquely, at a
     predetermined azimuth angle, to a direction perpendicular in which the
     magnetic tape is fed or moved; the magnetoresistive head being installed
     on a rotating drum to read signal on the magnetic tape by the helical
     scanning method.
A recording/reproducing apparatus includes a rotating drum having installed
     thereon the magnetoresistive head as reading head and an inductive
     magnetic head as writing head, to write and/or read signal from the
     magnetic tape by the helical scanning method."
"A magnetic storage system capable of separating thermal signals from data
     signals is disclosed. The magnetic storage system includes a magnetic
     media and a head associated with the magnetic media. The head includes a
     magneto-resistive element which is biased by a modulated bias current. The
     modulated bias current modulates thermal signals to a first frequency and
     modulates data signals to at least a second frequency. A method of
     separating thermal signals from data signals read from a magnetic storage
     media is also disclosed. The method includes the steps of (1) providing a
     head for reading information from the magnetic storage media, the head
     having an MR element; and, (2) biasing the MR element with a modulated
     bias current."
"According to a method of manufacturing a magnetic head, a magnetoresistive
     device is formed on a substrate, a top end portion of the magnetoresistive
     device is placed in an external magnetic field, and a height of the
     magnetic head is adjusted by ceasing a polishing operation at an instant
     when change in resistance of the magnetoresistive device relative to
     change in the external magnetic field comes up to a predetermined value."
"The data storage system includes a storage medium having a data surface
     with data stored thereon, the stored data comprises variations in magnetic
     fields across the data surface. A slider is adapted to move across the
     data surface, the slider includes an air bearing surface (ABS) which is
     substantially parallel to the data surface. A current source provides a
     sense current (I) and readback circuitry is adapted to receive a readback
     signal and responsively provide a data output. A magnetoresistive sensor
     carried on the slider is adapted to receive the sense current (I),
     readback data from the data surface in response to variations in the
     magnetic field across the disc surface, and responsively provide the
     readback signal to the readback circuitry. The sensor is adapted to
     exhibit a GMR effect in response to a magnetic field. The sensor includes
     a free layer and a pinned layer each having respective quiescent magnetic
     field vectors. The magnetic field vectors of the free layer and the pinned
     layer both rotate in response to an applied magnetic field."
"There is provided a magneto-resistive head in a hard disk drive. In the
     magneto-resistive head, an upper write pole has a write track width, and a
     lower write pole is positioned under the upper write pole, separated by a
     predetermined write gap. A magneto-resistive sensor is positioned under
     the lower write pole, apart by a predetermined gap and orthogonally to the
     length of the write gap, and has a predetermined read track width, for
     efficiently reading data from a disk. A shield is positioned under the
     magneto-resistive sensor, separated by a predetermined gap."
"A method, devices, and an article of manufacture for reducing magnetic
     instability in a magnetoresistive read head of a combined read-write head
     after writing data onto a magnetic storage medium. The last write pulse
     polarity that results in the least amount of magnetic instability in the
     read head is determined, and is referred to as the designated polarity.
     Then, after a set of write pulses is written, it is determined whether the
     last write pulse has the designated polarity. If the last write pulse does
     not have the designated polarity, then an additional write pulse with the
     designated polarity is written. Thus, the last write pulse before a read
     always has the designated polarity, thereby reducing the magnetic
     instability of the read head, and consequently improving read head
     performance."
"A vibration cancellation system for a magnetic resonance imager
     superconducting C-shaped magnet includes a vibration sensor at a remote
     end of the separated pole pieces to provide a vibration signal which is
     phase inverted and converted to an opposing force by a magnetoresistive
     actuator connected across the support member between the opposite ends of
     the pole pieces to cancel vibrations which would otherwise adversely
     affect the homogeneity of the magnetic field in the imaging region of the
     magnet."
"A method or apparatus for the simulation of electrical stimulations in an
     examination subject which are generated by rapidly switched gradient
     fields of an MR device, and wherein aborting of the executed measuring
     sequence occurs given the crossing of a threshold value in an online
     monitoring, wherein the crossing of the threshold value is signaled prior
     to the execution of the measuring sequence in a look-ahead monitoring, at
     least one gradient signal G(t) is determined which is defined by the time
     characteristic of the gradient pulses, at least one first filtered
     gradient signal G.sub.F1 (t) is formed by filtering the gradient signal
     G(t) with a first filtering function f.sub.F1 (t) a stimulation signal
     Stim(t) is formed which describes the stimulation of the examination
     subject, from the first filtered gradient signal G.sub.F1 (t), and the
     stimulation signal Stim(t) is compared to a definable stimulation
     threshold value Stim.sub.lim. If Stim.sub.lim is exceeded an indicator
     indicating that a stimulation has occurred is emitted."
"A sensing device capable of obtaining an output signal corresponding
     precisely to a predetermined position (angle), for example, of a
     protruding or recessed portion of a moving magnetic-material member
     without being affected by temperature change. The sensing device includes:
     a magnet for generating a magnetic field; a rotary magnetic material
     member for changing the magnetic field generated by the magnet, the rotary
     member being disposed at a predetermined distance apart from the magnet;
     and a giant magnetoresistance element for detecting the change in the
     magnetic field induced by the rotary magnetic material member and
     generating a plurality of outputs having a peak value different from each
     other, the operating range of the giant magnetoresistance element being
     set such that a uniform change in resistance occurs over the operating
     range regardless of the direction of change in the magnetic field induced
     by the rotary magnetic material member, wherein the center of the giant
     magnetoresistance element is shifted from the center of the magnet in a
     direction parallel to a plane including the direction of the change in
     magnetic field induced by the rotary magnetic material member."
"A tunnel junction having a topography and/or interface layers that enhance
     its magneto-resistance. The topography of the tunnel junction maximizes
     spin tunneling from areas of ferromagnetic crystalline grains having high
     polarization and minimizes the effects of defect scattering at grain
     boundaries. The interface layers enhance magnetic polarization properties
     of ferromagnetic layers near interfaces to an insulating layer in a tunnel
     junction."
"A composite film on a substrate having a first magnetostrictive,
     magnetoresistive, anisotropic ferromagnetic thin-film provided on that
     substrate with a second ferromagnetic thin-film provided immediately
     thereon which is also magnetorestrictive, magnetoresistive, anisotropic,
     with a composition differing from the first ferromagnetic thin-film.
     Various parameters of said first and second ferromagnetic thin-films are
     selected to provide such a composite film with little or no
     magnetostriction. Such composite films can be used in various devices."
"A magnetoresistive read sensor fabricated on a substrate includes a
     ferromagnetic layer that is exchange coupled with an antiferromagnetic
     layer made of a defined composition of iridium manganese. A tantalum layer
     is used so that the exchange field and coercivity do not change with
     variations in annealing temperature. The antiferromagnetic layer is formed
     with a material composition of Ir.sub.x Mn.sub.100-x, wherein x is in the
     range of 15&lt;.times.&gt;23. In an embodiment of a spin valve structure, the
     tantalum layer is disposed over the substrate and the antiferromagnetic
     layer is in direct contact with a pinned ferromagnetic layer. In another
     embodiment, the IrMn layer is formed over a soft active layer. In a third
     embodiment using exchange pinning, spaced IrMn regions are formed over the
     active magnetoresistive layer to define the sensor track width."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) imaging system equipped with real-time imaging
     capability and methods of interactively prescribing image contrast are
     disclosed herein. The MR imaging system includes a sequence controller for
     constructing MR imaging pulse sequences and a waveform memory for storing
     waveform segments. The MR imaging system allows an operator to
     interactively prescribe image contrast mechanism prior to and/or during
     real-time imaging. The use of image contrast waveform segments, only as
     needed, minimizes unnecessary MR scan time."
"The present invention provides a method and apparatus for utilizing
     magnetoresistance devices for the measurement of weak magnetic fields. An
     oscillating excitation magnetic field is applied to a magnetoresistive
     (MR) sensing element such that the MR element is driven into one or both
     of two antiparallel saturation states. The amplitude of the excitation
     field is large enough to reverse the magnetization of the soft layer
     during each cycle. In one embodiment, the MR element is provided with a
     current, and a voltage proportional to the resistance is measured.
     Components of the voltage signal at multiples of the excitation frequency
     are then proportional to the environmental magnetic field. In one
     embodiment, an MR element having a resistance-versus-field transfer
     function that is symmetric (e.g., an anisotropic MR element) is used;
     while in another embodiment, an MR element having a
     resistance-versus-field transfer function that is asymmetric (e.g., a
     spin-valve MR element) is used. Various apparatus and methods for
     measuring the amount of time spent in one or both saturated states versus
     the unsaturated or transition states are described. In one embodiment, the
     magnetic excitation field is generated using a current strip deposited
     onto the top of the other device layers, so that the entire device can be
     produced on a single chip. In one embodiment, a ""flexible""
     magnetoresistive structure includes a ""flexible"" ferromagnetic layer
     having a hard-magnetization-portion layer, and a
     soft-magnetization-portion layer, thus providing a smooth magnetic
     transition when this bilayer switches. One embodiment includes a
     supporting data-read head structure that positions the flexible
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensing element to sense a magnetic field in a data
     storage device such as a magnetic-disk drive."
"An improved and novel fabrication method for a magnetic element, and more
     particularly its use in a magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) is
     provided. An MRAM device has memory elements and circuitry for managing
     the memory elements. The circuitry includes transistor (12a), digit line
     (29), etc., which are integrated on a substrate (11). The circuitry is
     fabricated first under the CMOS process and then magnetic memory elements
     (43, 44) are defined by transforming portions (42b) of a magnetic blanket
     layer into an insulative material. The magnetic blanket layer, which
     includes magnetic layers (40,42) and a non-magnetic layer (41) sandwiched
     by the magnetic layers, which are deposited on conductor layer (34). The
     insulative, or inactive, portions (42b) define and separate the plurality
     of memory elements (43, 44)."
"A sputtering target consisting essentially of Mn and at least one kind of R
     element selected from a group of Ni, Pd, Pt, Co, Rh, Ir, V, Nb, Ta, Cu,
     Ag, Au, Ru, Os, Cr, Mo, W, and Re. The sputtering target, at least as a
     part of target texture, comprises one member selected from a group of an
     alloy phase and a compound phase formed between the R element and Mn. In
     addition, oxygen content in the target is 1 weight % or less (including
     0). With such a sputtering target, an anti-ferromagnetic material film
     consisting of RMn alloy excellent in corrosion resistivity and thermal
     performance can be stabilized in its film composition and film quality. By
     employing the anti-ferromagnetic material film, when an exchange coupling
     film is formed by stacking the anti-ferromagnetic material film and the
     ferromagnetic material film, sufficient exchange coupling force is
     obtained stably. Such an exchange coupling film can be used in a
     magneto-resistance effect element and the like."
"An actuator assembly including an actuator arm, a suspension fixed to a
     front end portion of the actuator arm, and a head slider mounted on a
     front end portion of the suspension and having a magnetoresistive element.
     The suspension has a pair of first lead lines each of which has one end
     connected to the magnetoresistive element, and an easily removable
     short-circuit pattern for connecting the first lead lines with each other.
     The actuator assembly further includes a main FPC fixed at one end portion
     thereof to the actuator arm, and an interconnection FPC having a plurality
     of second lead lines for interconnecting the first lead lines and a wiring
     pattern of the main FPC. The interconnection FPC further has a plurality
     of ground lines for electrically connecting the second lead lines to the
     actuator arm. In using the actuator assembly in a magnetic disk drive, the
     short-circuit pattern is fused and each ground line is cut."
"A magnetic head with a spin valve effect MR element and a method of
     manufacturing the head. A plurality of spin valve effect MR elements on a
     substrate are formed, a plurality of pairs of lead conductors connected
     with the respective spin valve effect MR elements on the substrate are
     formed, and then a plurality of protection circuits of magnetization
     inversion connected between the respective pairs of lead conductors on the
     substrate are formed. Each of the protection circuits is constituted so as
     to turn on when it receives an energy with a level at which the pinned
     direction inversion in each of the spin valve effect MR elements occurs."
"A magnetoresistive head achieves maximum signal output with minimal
     electromigration by using a magnetoresistive element through which a
     unidirectional sense current is flown. Periodically, a control circuit
     determines whether one or more switching criteria have been met, and
     applies a counter-directional compensation current in the magnetoresistive
     element when the switching criteria are met, thus suppressing
     electromigration in the magnetoresistive element in the direction of said
     sense current. In a preferred embodiment, the compensation current is
     applied during a quiescence period. In another embodiment a continuous
     unidirectional sense current is flown through the magnetoresistive
     element, and the control circuit suspends the sense current in the
     magnetoresistive element for a period of time when one or more switching
     criteria have been met, so as to prevent atomic excursion beyond one
     atomic diameter, such that electromigration in the magnetoresistive
     element is substantially reduced in the direction of the sense current."
"In a magnetic reproduction apparatus having an MR head, electromigration
     occurs when a sense current is supplied to the MR head is suppressed, and
     the service life and reliability of the magnetic reproduction apparatus
     are improved. Information magnetically recorded on at least one recording
     medium is read by supplying a sense current to the MR head opposed to the
     record surface of the recording medium using a current supply circuit, and
     then decoded by a signal decoder. In the magnetic reproduction apparatus,
     an MR head information judgment circuit judges whether or not information
     to be read out from the recording medium by the MR head is needed. Only
     when the information to be read out by the MR head is needed, does a
     current supply control circuit allow the current supply circuit to supply
     the sense current to the MR head. The sense current can be controlled by
     turning on or off an on-off operation circuit. Owing to this
     configuration, electromigration can be suppressed and the service life and
     reliability of the apparatus can be improved."
"An MR read head has first and second lead layers protected by first, second
     and third insulation layers in addition to the first and second insulative
     gap layers substantially all the way from the side edges of an MR sensor
     to terminals. The first and second insulation layers do not extend outside
     of the first and second lead layer sites so that greater heat dissipation
     can be realized from the MR sensor. Each lead layer comprises first and
     second lead layer films. Where these films overlap for electrical
     connection their top and bottom surfaces are protected by the first and
     second insulation layers and their edges are protected by the third
     insulation layer. Where the first lead layer film extends from the second
     lead layer film toward the respective terminal its bottom surface is
     protected by the first insulation layer and its top surface and its side
     edges are protected by the third insulation layer. Only three masks are
     required for fabricating or constructing these components. The first
     liftoff mask is employed for defining the first insulation layer and the
     first lead layer film. The second liftoff mask is employed for depositing
     the second lead layer film on the first lead layer film with an end of the
     second lead layer film for defining the track width of the MR sensor and
     making a contiguous junction with a respective side edge of the MR sensor
     and then depositing a second insulation layer on the second lead layer
     film. A third liftoff mask is employed for masking the MR sensor site and
     the second lead layer film of the first and second lead layers so that the
     height of the MR sensor can be defined and the third insulation layer
     deposited."
"To provide an MR composite head wherein damage of an MR element due to
     discharge of the static electricity is surely prevented with a simple
     configuration without degrading reproduction performance of the MR
     composite head, a first and a second magnetic shield layer (14 and 17),
     whereby the MR layer (20) is sandwiched, are designed to be grounded
     through a suspension (25). In an embodiment, a conductive member (24) is
     formed at an upper surface (11b) of the MR composite head (11) opposite to
     a facing surface (11a) facing to a magnetic disk (31), for electrically
     connecting the first and the second magnetic shield layer (14 and 17) to a
     slider (12) which is electrically connected to the suspension (25)."
"A method of providing improvement in the prevention of shield-to-lead
     shorts in MR/GMR heads is disclosed. A sensor in accordance with the
     principles of the present invention includes an MR sensor, a lead, the
     lead being electrically coupled to the MR sensor on opposite sides of the
     MR sensor and forming a single path to and from the MR sensor, an
     insulation layer only over the lead, and a gap layer formed over the MR
     sensor and the insulation layer, wherein the insulation layer has a
     thickness independent of the thickness of the gap layer. The lead may
     include a first lead portion electrically coupled to the MR sensor on
     opposite sides of the MR sensor and forming a single path to and from the
     MR sensor and a second lead portion, the second lead portion terminating
     at a distance from the MR sensor. The insulator layer is of a thickness in
     the range of substantially 100 to 500 angstroms. The first and second lead
     portions form a composite lead, the composite lead having a first
     thickness comprising only the first lead portion and a second thickness
     comprising the first and second lead portions, the first thickness located
     proximate the MR sensor, the second thickness being thicker than the first
     thickness and formed at a distance from the MR sensor. The second lead
     portion includes a geometry selected to optimize the composite lead for
     resistivity and manufacturability."
"A core of semi-permeable material forms a magnetic circuit having air gaps.
     A movable magnet provides flux in a first portion and a second portion of
     the magnetic circuit with the location of the magnet determining the
     portion. Magnetoresistive sensors in the air gaps provide signals related
     to the position of the magnet."
"The present invention provides an exchange coupling film having a
     stacked-film-structure consisting of a ferromagnetic film made of at least
     one material of Fe, Co and Ni, and an antiferromagnetic film, wherein the
     exchange coupling film made of a ferromagnetic material to which an
     element is added, is provided at the interface between the ferromagnetic
     film and the antiferromagnetic film so as to improve the lattice matching,
     which results in the enhancement of the exchange coupling force, and a
     magnetoresistance effect element including such an exchange coupling film
     as described above, and an electrode for supplying a current to the
     ferromagnetic film which constitutes the exchange coupling film."
"A controllable valve assembly (18) applicable in Magnetorheological (MR)
     fluid devices (20), such as MR mounts and MR dampers. The valve assembly
     (18) includes a valve body (32) having a magnetic circuit (40) contained
     therein which carries magnetic flux .phi., a controllable passageway (42)
     within the magnetic circuit (40), a MR (magnetically controlled) fluid
     (44) including soft-magnetic particles in a liquid carrier contained in
     the controllable passageway (42), a magnetic flux generator, such as a
     wound wire coil (46), generating magnetic flux .phi. which is directed
     through the MR fluid (44) in the controllable passageway (42) thereby
     generating ""rheology"" changes causing restriction in flow of MR fluid (44)
     therethrough. In one aspect, a one-way check valve (34) is operative with
     a passive passageway (36) which is arranged in parallel relationship to
     the controllable passageway (42) provides ""asymmetric"" damping across the
     controllable valve (18) creating higher pressure differentials in a first
     direction and a lower in a second direction without ""rapidly switching""
     the current to the coil (46). In another aspect, ""asymmetric"" damping is
     provided by a ""changeable gap"" formed by a moveable wall portion of the
     controllable passageway (42). In a third aspect, a first controllable
     passageway provides controllable flow in a first direction and a second
     controllable passageway provides controllable flow in a second direction,
     thereby provide ""asymmetry."" In a fourth aspect, ""asymmetry"" is provides
     by a ""variable magnetic short"" which changes magnetic circuit reluctance
     dependent on flow direction."
"A magnetic head is provided that has an extremely small first shield layer
     and first and second leads of a read head that extend from a
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensor to first and second pads without any vias
     therebetween. This is accomplished by patterning the first shield layer
     into its final shape before the first gap layer and subsequent layers are
     formed. An alumina mask with a recess at the ABS of the size of the first
     shield layer is formed followed by forming the first shield layer in the
     recess. A very thin first gap layer and an optional supplemental first gap
     layer are then formed, the supplemental first gap layer insulating any
     potential exposure of the first shield layer at its junction with the
     alumina layer. After constructing the MR sensor, first and second leads
     for the MR sensor are constructed from the MR sensor to sites of the first
     and second pads. Each of these leads may comprise a single thin film or a
     first thin film which is connected to the MR and extends past a boundary
     of the first shield layer and a second thin film which overlays the first
     film and extends from a location slightly spaced from the MR sensor to the
     first and second pad sites. With this arrangement the leads for the read
     head extend from the MR sensor to the pad sites without any vias thereby
     eliminating processing steps. Further, since the size of the shield is not
     dictated by the size of the initial leads the first shield layer can be
     much smaller to promote a more robust head."
"A method makes an inverted merged MR head with a second pole tip which is
     self-aligned with a top first pole tip. After forming a bottom first pole
     tip layer a top first pole tip is frame plated thereon with a width that
     defines a track width of the merged MR head. A photoresist layer, which is
     employed in the frame plating of the top first pole tip, is then soft
     baked which causes a photoresist opening above the top first pole tip to
     have sloping side edges which form a recess. An electrically-conductive
     sacrificial layer, such as copper, is then plated into the recess on top
     of the top first pole tip and the photoresist is removed. A forming layer,
     such as alumina, is then deposited and lapped so that the forming layer
     and the sacrificial layer have top surfaces that are flush with respect to
     one another. The sacrificial layer is then removed by an etchant that will
     not attack the materials of the pole tips and the forming layer. The
     forming layer now has a recess with sloping edges into which a gap layer,
     a seedlayer and a second pole tip layer are deposited. By this method the
     second pole tip is self-aligned with the top first pole tip with the
     second pole tip having a bottom that is substantially the same width as
     the top of the top first pole tip."
"A magnetoresistive head in which Barkhausen noise is substantially
     suppressed and a variation in reproduction is minimized, and a magnetic
     disk apparatus using the same magnetic head have been provided. The
     feature of the magnetic head and the magnetic disk apparatus of the
     invention resides in the provision of a longitudinal bias layer which
     comprises a hard magnetic thin film formed on an underlayer made of either
     a ferromagnetic thin film having a body-centered cubic lattice crystal
     structure, or an amorphous ferromagnetic thin film or antiferromagnetic
     thin film having a body-centered cubic lattice crystal structure."
"A magnetoresistive head includes a magnetoresistive effect element
     including a magnetoresistive film, which has a first ferromagnetic layer
     and a second ferromagnetic layer separated by a nonmagnetic layer. A
     magnetization direction of the first ferromagnetic layer is perpendicular
     to a magnetization direction of the second ferromagnetic layer when a
     signal magnetic field is zero. A pair of bias layers provide magnetic
     bias, and a top surface of each of the pair of bias layers faces a lower
     surface of each edge region of the magnetoresistive film. A pair of lead
     electrodes produce a current flow through the magnetoresistive film, and
     each of the pair of lead electrodes is disposed on or above the
     magnetoresistive film."
"A spin valve magnetoresistive head includes a first soft magnetic layer and
     a second soft magnetic layer having larger internal stress than that of
     the first magnetic layer. The larger internal stress of the second soft
     magnetic layer is created by injecting the second soft magnetic layer with
     a selected type of ion. Also included in the head is a nonmagnetic layer
     formed between the first soft magnetic layer and the second soft magnetic
     layer."
"A disk which incorporates a variable-phase servo burst pattern is
     disclosed. The disk has servo information thereon. The servo information
     includes a first servo burst pattern written on a first track and a second
     servo burst pattern written on a second track. Both the first servo burst
     pattern and the second servo burst pattern have a plurality of transition
     pulses. The corresponding transition pulses of the first servo burst
     pattern and the second servo burst pattern are 180 degrees out of phase
     from one another. Furthermore, a method of writing servo-information which
     is used to position a magneto-resistive head on a centerline of a track is
     also disclosed. The method includes the steps of (1) writing a first servo
     burst pattern on a first track, the first servo burst pattern having a
     plurality of transition pulses; and (2) writing a second servo burst
     pattern on a second track, the second servo burst pattern having a
     plurality of transition pulses, wherein the corresponding transition
     pulses of the first servo burst pattern and the second servo burst pattern
     are 180 degrees out of phase from one another."
"A performance evaluation method of an MR head whereby resolution
     performance of an MR head can be estimated, an isolated repreoduction wave
     form V(t) of the MR head is approximated by an equation
     V(t)=1/(1+(2t/PW50).sup.P), t denoting time difference from a timing which
     gives a peak value of the isolated reproduction wave form V(t), and PW50
     denoting a half-peak-width where the isolated reproduction wave form V(t)
     shows more than 50% of the peak value. The resolution performance of the
     MR head is evaluated according to the order value P of the above equation
     which gives the most likelihood approximation of the isolated wave form,
     together with the half-peak-width PW50 relative to a minimum bit-interval
     to be reproduced by the MR head."
"An MR imaging system with an electrically insulated coil element includes
     at least one first coil element which is electrically connected to an
     electronic unit and at least one electrically completely insulated second
     coil element which is magnetically coupled to the first coil element.
     Operative interventions in a region to be examined are possible through a
     free access area. The sterility that is necessary during operations is
     ensured by a device for shielding from germs."
"A top surface imaging technique for top pole tip width control in a
     magnetoresistive (""MR"") or giant magnetoresistive (""GMR"") read/write head
     is disclosed in which a multi-layer structure is employed to define the
     thick photoresist during processing resulting in much improved dimensional
     control. To this end, a relatively thin upper photoresist layer is
     patterned with much improved resolution, an intermediate metal or ceramic
     layer is then defined utilizing the upper photoresist layer as a reactive
     ion etching (""RIE"") mask, with the intermediate layer then being used as
     an etching mask to define the bottom-most thick photoresist layer in a
     second RIE process. As a consequence, a much improved sub-micron pole tip
     width along with a high aspect ratio and vertical profile is provided
     together with much improved critical dimension control."
"A combined sunken magnetoresistive (MR) read/write head is provided wherein
     first and second shield layers are eliminated or thinned down in an
     insulation stack region just behind a pole tip region. This provides a
     depression behind the pole tip region where head components, such as the
     write coil, insulation stack and pole pieces of a write head, are located.
     Leads for an MR sensor of the head extend parallel to an air bearing
     surface (ABS) where they connect to first and second conductors beyond the
     limits of the shield layers. The conductors extend back into the head
     normal to the air bearing surface without any danger of shorting to the
     shield layers."
"An MR head is biased to a soft adjacent layer so that deflection angles at
     any point around the MR element are made uniform. The SAL-biased MR head
     includes a SAL divided into a plurality of layers for applying a
     transverse bias field, insulators disposed between each of the SAL layers,
     an MR element in which resistance varies according to the direction and
     magnitude of the magnetic flux which is detected, an insulator disposed
     between the SAL and the MR element, and a current source for providing
     current to the respective SAL layers and the MR element. Thus, since a
     plurality of layers are used, a bias angle in the MR element becomes
     almost equal at any position."
"A magnetoresistive transducer includes a multilayer provided with a first
     soft magnetic layer, a conductive nonmagnetic layer, a second soft
     magnetic layer, and a biasing magnetic layer giving a magnetization of a
     predetermined direction to the second soft magnetic layer, in that order
     of superposition. The first soft magnetic layer is a multilayer superposed
     structure including a (Co.sub.y Fe.sub.100-y).sub.100-x Z.sub.x alloy
     layer where Z represents boron and x and y represent atomic fractions (at
     %), and an alloy layer containing at least Ni and Fe. The (Co.sub.y
     Fe.sub.100-y).sub.100-x Z.sub.x alloy layer ofthe first soft magnetic
     layer borders on the nonmagnetic layer and has a face-centered cubic
     lattice structure with a d spacing smaller than a d spacing of a Co.sub.y
     Fe.sub.100-y alloy. A pair of electrodes are formed on the multilayer for
     allowing a sense current to pass through the multilayer."
"A magnetoresistive head includes a first ferromagnetic layer and a
     non-magnetic material layer adjacent to a center portion of the first
     ferromagnetic layer. A second ferromagnetic layer is provided adjacent to
     the non-magnetic metal layer. An anti-ferromagnetic layer covers the
     second ferromagnetic layer and the first ferromagnetic layer. The
     anti-ferromagnetic layer is non-planar at an area adjacent to the
     non-magnetic metal layer and the second ferromagnetic layer. A pair of
     electrodes is provided adjacent to the two edges of the anti-ferromagnetic
     layer."
"A combination type thin film magnetic head including a magnetoresistive
     type reading thin film magnetic head and an inductive type writing thin
     film magnetic head is formed by forming a first magnetic layer 33 having a
     thickness of about 70-150 nm on a whole surface of an insulating substrate
     31, 32, forming a second magnetic layer 34 having a thickness of about 2-3
     .mu.m on the first magnetic layer at a restricted area at which a MR
     element will be formed later, forming a first insulating layer 35 having a
     thickness smaller than the second magnetic layer on the first magnetic
     layer, forming a shield gap layer on the first and second magnetic layers
     such that a magnetoresistive layer 37 is embedded within a portion of the
     shield gap layer formed on the second magnetic layer, forming a third
     magnetic layer on the shield gap layer, forming a thin film coil 43, 45 on
     a portion of the third magnetic layer situating above the first insulating
     layer, forming a write gap layer 46 on the third magnetic layer and thin
     film coil, and forming a fourth magnetic layer 47 on the write gap layer.
     The combination type thin film magnetic head can solve the problem of the
     thermal asperity, while the insulating property of shield gap layer and
     the magnetic shielding property can be improved."
"A composite type thin film magnetic head, in which saturation and leakage
     of a magnetic flux can be suppressed although a pole portion is
     miniaturized and throat height, apex angle and MR height can be precisely
     formed to have desired values, and a method of manufacturing the same are
     proposed. A recessed portion 25 is formed in a substrate 23 by using, as a
     mask, a first magnetic layer 24 constituting a bottom shield for a MR
     layer 32, a second magnetic layer 27 and a thin film coil 30 are formed
     within the recessed portion such that the thin film coil is supported by
     an insulating layer 29 in an isolated manner, surfaces of these first and
     second magnetic layers and insulating layer are flattened to form a common
     unit for manufacturing a composite type thin film magnetic head. Then, a
     third magnetic layer 34 is formed such that the third magnetic layer is
     coupled with the second magnetic layer 27 to constitute a bottom pole and
     its surface is flattened. Then a flat write gap layer and a flat fourth
     magnetic layer 37 constituting a top pole, and the write gap layer and
     third magnetic layer are dry-etched to form a pole portion while pole
     portions of the write gap layer and fourth magnetic layer as a mask. On
     the thin film coil 30 of the common unit, insulating layer or additional
     thin film coil may be deposited to project upwardly."
"An ID head is formed after a MR head is formed. An upper shield far from a
     substrate is a first magnetic pole. A nonmagnetic insulator existing
     through a magnetic gap on the first magnetic pole determines zero throat
     height, thereby specifying a recording track width of less than 2 .mu.m.
     The ID head comprises a front end portion of a second magnetic pole, which
     is exposed to ABS and partly rides over the nonmagnetic insulator, a
     nonmagnetic insulator for burying a step by the front end portion, a coil
     which is formed on the nonmagnetic insulator and covered with a
     nonmagnetic insulator, and a main body portion of the second magnetic pole
     formed so as to ride over the coil and front end portion. As a result, it
     is possible to solved various problems of the ID head in which the front
     end portion of the second magnetic pole is formed first to realize a
     narrow track width."
"The present invention is a method and apparatus for positioning a dual
     element magnetoresistive (MR) head relative to a storage medium in a
     storage device. The MR head has first and second MR elements. The storage
     medium is mounted in the storage device to allow relative movement between
     the MR head and the storage medium. The storage medium includes servo
     information provided to induce first and second thermal responses in the
     MR elements. A controller is coupled to the MR head and controls the
     relative movement between the MR head and the storage medium using the
     first and second thermal responses in the MR elements."
"An amplification circuit for an MR head which can realize a reduction of
     the power consumption, simplification of the circuit configuration by
     providing capacitors inside the circuit, and reduction of the number of
     externally provided parts, wherein a current is supplied to an MR head
     resistor from a bias current source and the amount of change of the head
     resistance is converted to a voltage change when reproducing magnetically
     recorded data. A direct current component of the voltage dropped in the
     head resistor is cut by capacitors, and only the alternating current
     component is input to a differential amplification circuit configured by
     transistors. Recorded data can be distinguished in accordance with an
     amplified output voltage, so capacitances of direct current cut-off
     capacitors can be set small and thus the direct current cut-off capacitors
     can be provided in the IC chip and the number of external parts can be
     reduced. Furthermore, since the base bias voltages of the transistors are
     set independently from the MR head, the power consumption can be reduced."
"A position sensing device (2) has a magnetic field generating device (3)
     with at least one magnetic pole (4.sub.j) and a sensor device (5) with at
     least one sensor (6) with an enhanced, specifically a giant
     magnetoresistive, effect. The magnetic field generating device (3) is
     arranged with respect to the sensor device (5) in such a way that the
     direction of a normal (H.sub.1) to the plane of the sensor (6) runs at an
     angle different from zero with respect to an imaginary reference line
     (L.sub.1) on which the at least one magnetic pole (4.sub.j) is located,
     and the magnetic field generating device (3) is to be moved with respect
     to the sensor device (5) so that the magnetic field (h) of the at least
     one magnetic pole (4.sub.j) is detected by the sensor (6), causing a sweep
     through at least part of the sensor characteristic, with the number of
     sweeps determined by the number of magnetic poles detected."
"An improved and novel fabrication method for magnetoresistive random access
     memory (MRAM) is provided. An MRAM device has memory elements and
     circuitry for managing the memory elements. The circuitry includes
     transistor (12a), digit line (29), etc., which are integrated on a
     substrate (11). The circuitry is fabricated first under the CMOS process
     and then magnetic memory elements (53, 54). A dielectric layer (40, 41) is
     deposited on the circuit, and trenches (42, 43) are formed in the
     dielectric layer. A blanket layer (46), which includes magnetic layers
     (48, 49) and a non-magnetic layer (50) sandwiched by the magnetic layers,
     is deposited on dielectric layer (41) and in the trenches. Then, the
     blanket layer outside the trenches is removed and MRAM elements (53, 54)
     are formed in the trenches."
"A magnetic device uses laminated ferromagnetic layers containing
     antiferromagnetically coupled ferromagnetic films coupled together with
     improved antiferromagnetically coupling (AFC) films. The AFC films are
     formed of the binary and ternary alloys comprising combinations of Ru, Os
     and Re. The ferromagnetic film thicknesses, the AFC film thicknesses and
     the compositions of the films in the laminated layer can be varied to
     engineer the magnetic properties of the device. The magnetic devices whose
     properties are improved with the improved laminated layers include spin
     valve magnetoresistive read heads and magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ)
     devices for use as magnetic memory cells and magnetoresistive read heads."
"PtMn films are used as antiferromagnetic layers of a dual spin-valve type
     magnetoresistive sensor. An exchange anisotropic magnetic field is
     achieved regardless of whether the PtMn film is formed over or under the
     pinned magnetic layer. Also, an effective exchange anisotropic magnetic
     field is produced even with heat treatment at a relatively low
     temperature. Alternatively, a PtMn film is used as an antiferromagnetic
     layer of a spin-valve film laminate. The use of a PtMn film enables a
     sufficient exchange anisotropic magnetic field to be produced even with a
     relatively low heat treatment temperature and a relatively small film
     thickness. Therefore, the number of total layers of the spin-valve film
     laminate can be increased to increase a magnetoresistance ratio, and a
     total thickness of the spin-valve film laminate can be made relatively
     small."
"An apparatus that compensates for the asymmetry and the baseline shift in
     the signal generated by a magnetoresistive head. The apparatus stores a
     first correction factor for the baseline shift, a second correction factor
     for correcting the amplitude of the positive portion of the signal and a
     third correction factor for correcting the amplitude of the negative
     portion of the signal. The first correction factor for correcting for
     baseline shift is added to the signal generated by the magnetoresistive
     head to generate a baseline corrected signal. The baseline corrected
     signal is then monitored for positive and negative excursions from the
     baseline and the positive excursions are multiplied by the second
     correction factor and the negative excursions are multiplied by the third
     correction factor for generating a compensated signal."
"A preamplifier system for receiving information from at least one
     magnetoresistive head cell and for supplying a signal to circuitry
     external to the preamplifier system is disclosed. The preamplifier system
     includes a bias current generator, a first preamplifier gain stage, and a
     second preamplifier gain stage. The bias current generator is connected
     between a first potential and the magnetoresistive head cell for providing
     a bias current to the magnetoresistive head cell. The first and second
     preamplifier gain stages include multiple transistors, resistors,
     capacitors, and current sources. The combination of first and second
     preamplifier gain stages provide the proper amplification of a signal
     received from the head cell while eliminating an unwanted DC offset
     signal."
"An apparatus and method for detecting defects in electrically conductive
     materials. A detection method and apparatus are provided for using applied
     magnetic fields to induce magnetic fields in the material under test, and
     then directly detecting changes in the induced magnetic field attributable
     to corrosion, cracks, flaws, or anomalies in the material under test. The
     invention features the use of one or more giant magnetoresistance sensors
     to detect directly the changes in the induced magnetic field, which
     changes provoke a response in the giant magnetoresistance sensors in the
     form of a change in resistance signal. The apparatus may be configured in
     various ways, including absolute field detection and differential field
     detection configurations, with either passive or active field
     compensation, and single sensor or multiple sensor arrays. A plurality of
     giant magnetoresistance sensors may be disposed upon a single substrate,
     or on multiple substrates. The invention includes method for performing
     detection by use of giant magnetoresistance."
"A switching apparatus is provided which may be used for power window
     control systems of automotive vehicles. The switching apparatus includes
     an operating knob, a magnet, a magnetoresistive element, and a position
     determining circuit. The operating knob is manually shifted between a
     plurality of switching positions. The magnet moves according to the
     movement of the operating knob. The magnetoresistive element is placed in
     a magnetic field applied from the magnet and changes an electrical
     resistance thereof according to a variation in orientation of a magnetic
     flux applied to the magnetoresistive element resulting from the movement
     of the magnet. The position determining circuit monitors a change in
     electric resistance of the magnetoresistive element to determine the
     switching position of the operating member."
"In a magnetoresistive element, an underlying metal layer is formed on a
     substrate, and a magnetoresistive layer is formed on the underlying metal
     layer. The underlying metal layer has a thickness of about 0.1 to 3.0 nm."
"A hard disk drive system (10) includes a read/write head (21) for reading
     and writing data to and from a rotating magnetic disk (12). The read/write
     head includes a portion which is a magneto-resistive read head (36), the
     output of which is supplied through a preamplifier (26) to a read channel
     circuit (27). The read head has a nonlinear transfer function. The read
     channel circuit includes an asymmetry compensation circuit (62), which
     generates an analog compensation signal by squaring an output signal from
     the read head and scaling by an asymmetry factor (.alpha.'). The analog
     compensation signal is combined with the analog output signal in order to
     obtain a corrected analog signal, which is substantially free of the
     distortion introduced by the read head."
"A signal reproducing circuit includes first power supply lines having
     different potentials, a magneto-resistive effect head having one end
     thereof coupled to the first power supply line, for reproducing data
     recorded on a magnetic recording medium in a read operation, and a first
     constant current source coupled between another end of the
     magneto-resistive effect head and the second power supply line, for
     supplying the magneto-resistive effect head with a sense current in the
     read operaion. Also included are first and second transistors having
     collectors thereof coupled to the first power supply line, respectively,
     and responsive to voltage signals obtained from the one end and the other
     end of the magneto-resistive effect head. Second and third constant
     current sources are coupled between each emitter of the first and the
     second transistors and the second power supply line, respectively, for
     supplying the first and the second transistors with a first predetermined
     constant current, respectively, in the read operation. Fourth and fifth
     constant current sources are provided between each emitter of the first
     and the second transistors, respectively, and the second power supply line
     for increasing the emiter curents of the first and the second transistors
     to a second predetermined constant current during a predetermined period
     in a transition from a write state to a read state."
"A magnetic rotation detector is composed of a rotary element alternately
     magnetized with north and south magnetic poles in a circumferential
     direction and arranged to rotatable about a rotational axis, a
     magnetoresistance element arranged to be opposed to the magnetized portion
     of the rotary element, the magnetoresistance element including a linearly
     patterned superlattice composed of alternately layered magnetic and
     nonmagnetic metals, and a signal processing circuit placed in a remote
     position apart from the magnetoresistance element and connected to a pair
     of terminals of the superlattice to produce a series of pulse signals
     based on variation of the resistance value of the superlattice caused by
     change of intensity of a field of the rotary element."
"A GMR head comprising a spin valve GMR film, which has a free layer
     containing a Co containing magnetic layer, and a hard magnetic biasing
     film for inputting a bias magnetic field to the spin valve GMR film. The
     hard magnetic biasing film is constituted of a film formed by laminating a
     hard magnetic layer on the magnetic under layer. The hard magnetic layer
     is disposed adjoining to edge portion of the spin valve GMR film through
     the magnetic under layer. The magnetic under layer has saturation
     magnetization Ms.sup.under which satisfies at least one condition of
     Ms.sup.under .gtoreq.Ms.sup.free and Ms.sup.under .gtoreq.Ms.sup.hard when
     saturation magnetization of the free layer is Ms.sup.free and saturation
     magnetization of the hard magnetic layer is Ms.sup.hard. In a MR head of
     this abutted junction structure, even when the track width is narrowed,
     occurrence of Barkhausen noise can be effectively suppressed."
"A magnetoresistive film is disclosed which has a layered structure
     comprising a first ferromagnetic layer, a second ferromagnetic layer, a
     nonmagnetic conductive layer interposed between the first and second
     ferromagnetic layers, and an antiferromagnetic layer coupled with one of
     the first and second ferromagnetic layers. The antiferromagnetic layer
     comprises an antiferromagnetic material selected from an antimony-base
     alloy, fluoride, an FeRh-base alloy, FeS, an IrMnCo-base alloy and a
     CrAl-base alloy."
"A magneto-resistive sensor has a magneto-resistive element with an active
     area with an electrical resistance sensitive to changes in magnetic flux.
     Two hard magnets on opposing sides of the magneto-resistive element
     magnetically bias the magneto-resistive element. Each hard magnet includes
     a seed layer of a soft magnetic, electrically conductive material between
     two magnet layers of a hard magnetic, electrically conductive material
     laminated longitudinally together such that the seed layer and the magnet
     layers exhibit unified magnetic properties. The seed layer is preferably
     an amorphous material such as nitrided sendust. The laminated structure
     allows for a thicker magnet structure with low electrical resistance but
     without degradation of magnetic properties due to the increased thickness."
"A spin valve magnetoresistance device including a free magnetic layer, a
     pinned magnetic layer, a non-magnetic layer disposed between them and a
     permanent magnet film defining a track width x(in .mu.m) and configured to
     control magnetic domains of the free magnetic layer. The product of the
     residual magnetization (in .mu.emu/cm.sup.3) of the permanent magnet film
     times the thickness (in cm) thereof is given by f(x):
where x.ltoreq.2 .mu.m, and 670 .mu.emu/cm.sup.2 .ltoreq.A.ltoreq.900
     .mu.emu/cm.sup.2."
"The equalizer is capable of generating an equalized output that is
     compensated in the non-linearity of the signal reproduced by an MR head
     and a reliable high-density magnetically recorded-signal reproducer. The
     equalizer of an FIR-type filter structure includes a plurality of delay
     elements for delaying an input signal by a certain period, a plurality of
     coefficient processing units provided to input or output taps of the delay
     elements, and an adder for obtaining the sum of the outputs of the
     coefficient processing units. The distortion of the reproduced waveform
     can be corrected by a relatively simple circuit structure by comparing the
     signal value inputted to the coefficient processing unit from each tap
     with a predetermined threshold level and changing the signal value and a
     coefficient value to be multiplied in accordance with the comparison
     result. Therefore, any one of various existing signal processing systems
     can be applied to the decoding of reproduced signals of an MR head having
     the non-linear characteristic."
"In order to perform an ECG-gating imaging MR scan with an exact ECG-gating
     time predetermined, in an MRI system and MR imaging method, an ECG signal
     of a patient is acquired. A preparing MR scan with a region containing an
     object to be imaged of the patient starts at each of a plurality of time
     instants when a plurality of different delay times elapse respectively
     from a plurality of reference waves included and repeated in series in the
     signal, thus a plurality of preparing images being produced. An
     appropriate or optimum ECG-gating time instant is determined using the
     plurality of preparing images. The imaging MR scan with the region of the
     patient is then performed in synchronization with the appropriate or
     optimum ECG-gating time instant. For example, both of the preparing MR
     scan and the imaging MR scan are based on the same type of pulse
     sequences. The pulse sequences include a fast SE sequence, a sequence
     rooted in the fast SE sequence, or a segmented fast FE sequence. Even if
     the imaging scan is three-dimensional imaging, it is enough that the
     preparing MR scan is two-dimensional scanning."
"A rotational speed-detecting device of the present invention drives a
     sensor means 11, which includes a detecting unit that connects
     magneto-electric elements in series. A comparison voltage generator
     connects comparison voltage resistors in series, and is connected in
     parallel with the detecting unit, with a constant voltage by a
     constant-voltage control means 13, to which constant voltage is supplied
     by a constant-voltage generating means 14. The constant voltage means 14
     controls a constant current of the constant-current means 15 with an
     on-and-off output from a comparison means 12 so as to superpose and flow a
     rectangular wave current in a power supply line between Vcc and VR."
"A merged head device which has: a slider main body with an air bearing
     surface to a magnetic medium; two magnetic shield films which are parallel
     disposed on a common plane with a predetermined interval and orthogonal to
     air flow on the downstream side of the air bearing surface of the slider
     main body; a magnetoresistive effect head which is disposed through a
     magnetic separating layer of an insulator between the two magnetic shield
     films; an inductive head which is composed of one magnetic pole film
     corresponding to one of the two magnetic shield films which is located
     downstream and the other magnetic pole film which is disposed through a
     magnetic gap on the other side of the one magnetic pole film where the
     magnetoresistive effect head does not exist, and recording is conducted by
     magnetic field which generates at the magnetic gap; and concave portions
     which are formed on both sides of the other magnetic pole film along the
     direction of the air flow on the air bearing surface of the slider main
     body so as to define a width of the other magnetic pole film; wherein the
     concave portions are filled with a non-magnetic material."
"A merged MR head is formed by sequentially stacking a lower shield, a lower
     shield gap, a magnetoresistive (MR) element, an upper shield gap, a lower
     magnetic pole/upper shield, a recording gap layer, a coil, a coil
     insulating layer, and an upper magnetic pole on a side surface of a
     trailing edge of a floating slider having an air bearing surface. This
     merged MR head includes a pedestal which is formed on a portion on the
     lower magnetic pole/upper shield, including the air bearing surface, to
     have a width larger than that of the upper magnetic pole. The upper
     magnetic pole is stacked on the pedestal through the recording gap layer.
     A sidewall of the pedestal in the vicinity of the air bearing surface has
     a notch which is obtained by forming a plane where a sidewall of the upper
     magnetic pole is present. A method of manufacturing this merged MR head is
     also disclosed."
"A magnetoresistive effect head which can produce a high reproduced output
     independently from a strength of a magnetic domain control layer even when
     an electrode spacing is small, and a magnetic recording and reproducing
     apparatus using the same are provided. A magnetoresistive effect film is
     formed by a stacked layer of a first ferromagnetic film, a non-magnetic
     conductive film and a second ferromagnetic film. The second ferromagnetic
     film is stacked on an antiferromagnetic film, and magnetic domain control
     layers are arranged on the widthwise opposite sides of the
     magnetoresistive effect film. A pair of electrodes are arranged on each
     magnetic domain control layers with the electrode spacing being smaller
     than the width of the magnetoresistive effect film so that a current flows
     only in a central area of the magnetoresistive effect film."
"A pole-trimmed writer for an MR read/write data transducer which may be
     produced without significant re-deposition of Al.sub.2 O.sub.3 or NiFe on
     the sides of the writer poles. The process disclosed herein advantageously
     provides an upper (top) pole which is processed to project a pair of
     relatively thin, laterally extending lower flanges, prior to the use of
     the upper pole as a mask to subsequent ion milling of the lower pole, or
     shared shield. In a preferred embodiment, the process for producing the
     flange is implemented in conjunction with the deposition of a single
     copper (Cu) or dual Al.sub.2 O.sub.3 and chromium (Cr) overlayers formed
     on the upper pole seed layer followed by the top pole formation and
     selective removal of a predetermined amount of the underlying portions of
     the gap material prior to a subsequent ion milling operation and further
     processing of the read/write head."
"A compensating circuit for compensating positive-negative asymmetry of an
     input signal having an amplitude exhibiting a positive-negative asymmetry
     with reference to a given level. Either one of the input signal or a
     signal obtained by multiplying the input signal by a given number is
     selected to be outputted as a compensated signal when the input signal has
     a level higher than a threshold level or alternatively when the input
     signal has a level lower than the threshold level. Distortion of signal
     waveforms ascribable to non-linearity of an MR head can be compensated
     satisfactorily with an extremely simplified and inexpensive circuit
     structure."
"A magnetoresistance device comprising at least two ferromagnetic layers
     separated by a non-magnetic layer, the coercive force of one of the
     ferromagnetic layers being enhanced by a coercive force enhancement layer
     of an antiferromagnetic material disposed adjacent to the one of the
     ferromagnetic layer thereby pinning magnetization inversion in the one of
     the ferromagnetic layer, the other ferromagnetic layer serving as a free
     ferromagnetic layer in which magnetization inversion is allowed, wherein
     the spin orientation in the coercive force enhancement layer is aligned in
     a multilayer fashion into a direction substantially parallel to the plane
     of the coercive force enhancement layer. A method of producing such a
     device is also disclosed."
"A magnetoresistive effect type magnetic head has a magnetoresistive effect
     (magnetoresistive effect film) and a soft adjacent layer (SAL) that is
     disposed in opposition to the magnetoresistive effect film via an
     intervening non-magnetic film, for the purpose of applying a transversal
     bias magnetic field to the magnetoresistive effect film, and also has an
     antiferromagnetic film which is disposed so as to be in contact with at
     least part of the magnetoresistive effect film, for the purpose of
     applying a longitudinal bias magnetic field to the magnetoresistive effect
     film. The surface area of the region over which the magnetoresistive
     effect film makes contact with the antiferromagnetic film is established
     so as to be greater than the surface area of the active region thereof
     which does not contact the antiferromagnetic film."
"A magnetoresistive sensor including a magnetoresistive (MR) sensing
     element, a nonmagnetic layer (""spacer"") contacting the magnetoresistive
     sensing element; a first antiferromagnetic (AFM) layer contacting the
     nonmagnetic layer such that the nonmagnetic layer is sandwiched between
     the magnetoresistive sensing element and the antiferromagnetic layer; a
     ferromagnetic soft adjacent layer (SAL) contacting the antiferromagnetic
     layer such that the antiferromagnetic layer is sandwiched between the
     nonmagnetic layer and the soft adjacent layer; and a second
     antiferromagnetic layer contacting the SAL such that the SAL is sandwiched
     between the first and second antiferromagnetic layers. The two
     antiferromagnetic layers provide a stronger pinning effect. In one
     embodiment of the invention, the magnetoresistive sensing element is an
     anisotropic magnetoresistive (AMR) sensing element comprising a soft
     ferromagnetic layer. In another embodiment of the invention, the
     magnetoresistive sensing element is giant magnetoresistive (GMR) sensing
     element comprising a plurality of layers. The bias scheme can be
     non-symmetric, or may be symmetric around the magnetoresistive sensing
     element. An exchange biased bilayer (AFM/SAL) can have a multilayered
     structure such as AFM/SAL/AFM/SAL. . . . In this configuration, the SAL
     layer can be thin, so that a high exchange field with a high resistance
     can be obtained."
"A system and method for providing a head for reading data is disclosed. The
     method and system include providing a magnetoresistive element and
     providing a flux guide having a high resistivity. The magnetoresistive
     element has an end. The flux guide also has an end. The end of the flux
     guide is adjacent to the end of the magnetoresistive element."
"A magnetoresistive read/recording head for use in a fixed disk drive data
     storage device is formed by the steps of first, photolithographically
     depositing the head on one surface of a slider block, second, applying, a
     conductive film preferably of carbon or a silicon/carbon multi-layer film
     over the head and onto the block surface, and then milling the write tip
     portion of the head with a focused ion beam. The remaining conductive film
     is then removed in an oxygen plasma which chemically removes the remaining
     conductive film. The conductive layer is transparent to the focused ion
     beam and conducts electrostatic charge away from the head during the
     milling operation thus preventing electrostatic discharges from occurring
     which otherwise would damage the head."
"A magnetoresistor with an ordered double perovskite structure is an oxide
     crystal which has an ordered double perovskite crystal structure
     represented by the general formula of A.sub.2 BB'O.sub.6, wherein A stands
     for Sr atoms, B for Fe atoms and B' for Mo or Re atoms and wherein the Fe
     atoms and the Mo or Re atoms are alternately arranged and which exhibits
     negative magnetoresistive characteristics."
"An MR coil array includes a plurality of telescopically arranged coil
     units, spanning the length of an extremity (e.g. a leg). The coil in each
     unit encircles the extremity, providing good SNR from all sides and for
     deep structures as well. The tapered shape of the array conforms generally
     to the patient anatomy, minimizing sensing distances, further enhancing
     SNR. A low ratio between the volume imaged and the aggregate coil
     conductor length further contributes to high SNR. A multiplicity of tuning
     capacitors makes the array relatively insensitive to detuning by
     differently-sized patients. Adjoining coils can be oriented to produce
     perpendicular magnetic fields, reducing coupling therebetween. An
     apparatus employing two such coil arrays allows imaging of two extremities
     at once."
"An MR head in which a spin-valve device unit is formed into a horizontal
     shape and an anti-ferromagnetic layer is not required, is provided. The
     spin-valve device unit includes a first ferromagnetic layer, one and
     another permanent magnetic layers arranged on both end portions of the
     first ferromagnetic layer and creating a magnetic path from one of the end
     portions of the first ferromagnetic layer toward the other thereof. A
     second ferromagnetic layer is provided above the first ferromagnetic layer
     through a non-magnetic conductive layer and a soft magnetic layer is
     provided above the second ferromagnetic layer through a non-magnetic
     layer. The both end portions of the second ferromagnetic layer are
     designed to contact with outer end portions of the permanent magnet
     layers, respectively. Surfaces of the permanent magnet layers are
     perpendicular to the surface of a magnetic storage medium and to the
     magnetization direction thereof."
"A spin valve sensor is constructed with an electrically conductive
     antiferromagnetic pinning layer. A first ferromagnetic layer is placed
     proximate the pinning layer. A second ferromagnetic layer is included with
     a non-ferromagnetic electrically conductive layer placed between the first
     and second ferromagnetic layers. A boundary layer of electrically
     insulating material is placed proximate to the second layer of
     ferromagnetic material opposite the non-ferromagnetic electrically
     conductive layer. Preferred embodiments exhibit an enhanced giant
     magnetoresistive (GMR) effect presumably due to scattering that is more
     specular at the interface with the electrically insulating material."
"The present invention provides a thin film magnetoresistive current
     perpendicular to the plane read head device and method of fabrication. The
     structure of the thin film head of the present invention may comprise a
     lower pedestal shield, a lower sensor lead, a magnetoresistive structure,
     an upper sensor lead, and an upper pedestal shield. The sensor leads have
     a portion located between the pedestal and the magnetoresistive structure,
     and a portion lateral to the between portion. Either or both sensor leads
     may have a portion projecting from the lateral portion. The projecting
     portions provide greater cross-section to the lateral portion of the lead
     to decrease lead resistance without increasing the pedestal-to-pedestal
     distance. The projecting portions form recessed portions in the sensor
     leads for seating the pedestal. The projecting portions may abut the
     pedestals. The upper sensor lead may also have a portion projecting
     downward from its lateral portion to form a recessed portion for seating
     the magnetoresistive structure. The magnetoresistive structure may utilize
     giant magnetoresistive materials, and may employ any known structure, such
     as multilayer, spin valve, or other known types of magnetoresistive
     materials and structures. The present invention provides lower resistance
     sensor leads without increasing the distance between shield pedestals,
     thus allowing for high data density while improving the magnetoresistive
     effect."
"An electromagnetic head for a storage device comprises a magnetic core
     forming a magnetic circuit, and a magnetoresistive means. The magnetic
     core is interrupted by an air-gap, thereby separating a first pole and
     second pole of the magnetic core. The magnetoresistive means is disposed
     in the region of the air-gap, and is connected to the magnetic core so as
     to be connected in the magnetic circuit."
"In order to obtain a magnetoresistive head which is high in reproducing
     sensitivity, free from distortion in reproduced waveforms and suitable for
     high bit density recording, the an MR head includes a magnetic circuit
     including upper yoke 2 and lower yoke 3 both made of a soft magnetic
     material and having one ends opposed to each other with gap 1 left
     therebetween, MR element A 5 magnetically coupled to the other end of
     upper yoke 2, MR element B 6 magnetically coupled to the other end of
     lower yoke 3, and back yoke 4 made of a magnetic material for magnetically
     coupling MR element A 5 and MR element B 6 to each other. Upper yoke 2 and
     lower yoke 3 are disposed without overlapping each other except at gap 1,
     and MR element A 5 and MR element B 6 are formed by simultaneous
     deposition. Due to this construction, the MR head can achieve high bit
     density recording where the MR elements have a differential structure,
     since the magnitude of the gap is defined by the film thickness of gap 1
     and the MR elements obtained have equivalent characteristics."
"A current bias, current sense magneto-resistive preamplifier for a hard
     disk drive and related methods preferably includes an MR sensor responsive
     to a current bias for sensing a change in magnetic data flux and
     responsively providing a change in electrical resistance. A preamplifying
     circuit is preferably connected to the MR sensor for providing the current
     bias thereto and for amplifying a detected change in electrical
     resistance. The preamplifying circuit includes a sensor biasing circuit
     for providing the current bias to the MR sensor and an amplifying output
     circuit for providing an amplified output signal representative of the
     detected change in current bias to the MR sensor. The sensor biasing
     circuit preferably includes a current source, a first amplifying circuit
     connected to the MR sensor for sensing the change in electrical resistance
     therefrom, and a second amplifying circuit having a first input connected
     to the first amplifying circuit and a second input connected to the
     current source. The sensor biasing circuit also includes a
     transconductance amplifying circuit connected to first and second outputs
     of the second amplifying circuit and having an output connected to the
     first amplifying circuit for providing an output current proportional to
     the voltage difference at the first and second inputs thereof. The
     preamplifier further includes a capacitor connected to the preamplifying
     circuit for providing stability to at least a portion of the preamplifying
     circuit."
"A magnetoresistive effect element comprises a base layer, an
     antiferromagnetic layer extending over the base layer, a pinned magnetic
     layer extending over the antiferromagnetic layer, a first non-magnetic
     layer extending over the pinned magnetic layer, and a free magnetic layer
     extending over the first non-magnetic layer, wherein the pinned magnetic
     layer includes at least one selected from the group consisting of Co-based
     materials, Ni-based materials, Fe-based materials and alloys thereof, and
     wherein the free magnetic layer includes at least one selected from the
     group consisting of amorphous magnetic materials, iron nitride based
     materials, Sendust and alloys based on Co, Fe, Ni, NiFe, NiFeCo, FeCo,
     CoFeB, CoZrMo, CoZrNb, CoZr, CoZrTa, CoHf, CoTa, CoTaHf, CoNbHf, CoHfPd,
     CoTaZrNb and CoZrMoNi."
"A method of manufacturing a magnetoresistive head comprises forming a
     magnetoresistive structure with a magnetoresistive element with a first
     AFM element. Perform a first annealing step at a high temperature with a
     high magnetic field. Form the remaining MR structure including second AFM
     elements. Perform a low magnetic field (H.sub.ann) annealing step
     following the fabrication of the second AFM elements. Then perform a no
     externally applied field (H.sub.ann =0) annealing step at a high
     temperature to increase the H.sub.ex of the second AFM element to full
     strength, whereby the stability of the first AFM element is enhanced or
     increases its H.sub.ex if there were a decrease during the low magnetic
     field annealing step."
"A spin-valve magnetoresistive element includes a hard bias layer formed on
     a pinned magnetic layer with a non-magnetic layer therebetween, and thus
     the magnetic field from the hard bias layer is efficiently applied into a
     free magnetic layer. Also, the pinned magnetic layer is not influenced by
     the hard bias layer because of the interposition of the non-magnetic
     layer. Accordingly, the pinned magnetic layer and the free magnetic layer
     are properly put into single magnetic domain states, and thus, Barkhausen
     noise is reduced and satisfactory micro-track-asymmetry can be obtained."
"A method of design of a magnetic recording slider and sensor geometry is
     disclosed which allows a magneto-resistive recording element to achieve a
     significantly reduced physical and magnetic spacing with a rigid magnetic
     recording disk in a disk drive, without resulting in thermal transients
     caused by sensor/disk contacts. The method utilizes pseudo-contact slider
     technology with an intentionally recessed MR sensor pole tip and alumina
     region. The reduced spacing achieved by pseudo-contact recording is
     significant compared to the spacing loss incurred by the proposed
     precision of the MR recording element, resulting in a net reduction in
     head medium magnetic spacing."
"A read head of a head device used in a disk storage apparatus is provided
     including a spin-valve magnetoresistive (MR) element. The spin-valve MR
     element comprises a pinning magnetic layer of which magnetizing direction
     is determined, a free magnetic layer of which magnetizing direction can be
     shifted by a signal magnetic field derived from the disk, and a
     non-magnetic layer sandwiched between the pinning magnetic layer and the
     free magnetic layer. The head also includes a remagnetization layer which
     functions as a control element for correcting the magnetizing direction of
     the pinning magnetic layer."
"A magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) device is usable as a magnetic field
     sensor in magnetic disk drives or as a memory cell in a magnetic random
     access (MRAM) array. The MTJ device has a ""pinned"" ferromagnetic layer
     whose magnetization is oriented in the plane of the layer but is fixed so
     as not to be able to rotate in the presence of an applied magnetic field
     in the range of interest, a ""free"" ferromagnetic layer whose magnetization
     is able to be rotated in the plane of the layer relative to the fixed
     magnetization of the pinned ferromagnetic layer, and an insulating tunnel
     barrier layer located between and in contact with both ferromagnetic
     layers. The pinned ferromagnetic layer is pinned by interfacial exchange
     coupling with an adjacent antiferromagnetic layer. A high spin
     polarization ferromagnetic layer (Ni.sub.40 --Fe.sub.60) is placed near
     the tunnel barrier layer in both the pinned and free layers to enhance the
     magnetoresistive effect. The undesirable positive magnetostriction
     coefficient of the Ni.sub.40 --Fe.sub.60 layers is canceled by placing a
     negative magnetostriction layer (Ni.sub.90 --Fe.sub.10) of the appropriate
     thickness adjacent to each Ni.sub.40 --Fe.sub.60 layer."
"A magnetic head includes a magnetoresistive element. The magnetoresistive
     element includes a first magnetic film having a fixed magnetization
     direction, a second magnetic film having a fixed magnetization direction,
     a third magnetic film having a rotatable magnetization direction, a first
     nonmagnetic film, and a second nonmagnetic film. The first magnetic film,
     the first nonmagnetic film, the third magnetic film, the second
     nonmagnetic film, and the second magnetic film are stacked in this order."
"In a magnetoresistive effect composite head, magnetic shields oppose each
     other on a slider main body made of a ceramic material through a
     predetermined gap, and a magnetoresistive effect element is sandwiched and
     stacked between the magnetic shields with a magnetic spacer layer made of
     an insulator. A recording head portion uses one of the magnetic shields as
     a first magnetic pole, and has a second magnetic pole formed on a surface
     of the first magnetic pole opposite to the magnetoresistive effect element
     through a magnetic gap, to record information on a recording medium by
     means of a magnetic field generated in the magnetic gap. The
     magnetoresistive effect element includes a central region made of a
     spin-valve element to sense a medium field, and end regions for supplying
     a bias field and a current to the central region. The second magnetic pole
     is constituted by a stacked film of first and second magnetic films having
     different saturation magnetizations. The first and second magnetic films
     are close to and far from the magnetic gap, respectively. The saturation
     magnetization of the first magnetic film is set to a value larger than
     that of the second magnetic film. A method of manufacturing the above head
     is also disclosed."
"A portable, low-power, metallic object detector and method for providing an
     image of a detected metallic object. In one embodiment, the present
     portable low-power metallic object detector an array of giant
     magnetoresistive (GMR) sensors. The array of GMR sensors is adapted for
     detecting the presence of and compiling image data of a metallic object.
     In the embodiment, the array of GMR sensors is arranged in a checkerboard
     configuration such that axes of sensitivity of alternate GMR sensors are
     orthogonally oriented. An electronics portion is coupled to the array of
     GMR sensors. The electronics portion is adapted to receive and process the
     image data of the metallic object compiled by the array of GMR sensors.
     The embodiment also includes a display unit which is coupled to the
     electronics portion. The display unit is adapted to display a graphical
     representation of the metallic object detected by the array of GMR
     sensors. In so doing, a graphical representation of the detected metallic
     object is provided."
"A soft magnetic film comprises a Co--M--T--C alloy wherein a film structure
     is predominantly made of an amorphous phase and element M and C are
     chemically combined. The use of this film as a lower core layer in an
     MR/inductive composite-type thin film magnetic head ensures high
     saturation magnetic flux density, high resistivity, low magnetostriction
     constant and appropriate magnetic field, and leads to improvements in core
     and shield functions of the lower core layer."
"A method of controlling magnetic characteristics of a spin valve effect MR
     element and a method of controlling magnetic characteristics of a magnetic
     head with the MR element include a step of supplying direct current with a
     gradually increasing value to the MR element so as to generate magnetic
     field in a desired direction and to generate joule heat, the generated
     magnetic field and the generated joule heat being applied to the MR
     element, and a step of controlling a magnetization direction caused by
     exchange coupling in the MR element based upon the applied magnetic field
     and the applied joule heat."
"Disclosed are methods of allowing the current direction through the sensor
     or coil of a magneto resistive (MR) read/inductive write head to be
     consistent with the orienting magnetic field of the sensor or coil by
     allowing the current direction to be switched by a single mask layer
     change. This goal is achieved by creating additional connection sites to
     the non-magnetic mask layer to provide alternative means of connecting
     element leads to bonding pads and thus providing a choice in which
     direction to route the current through the sensor or coil of the
     read/write head."
"A spin-valve magnetoresistive element includes a hard bias layer formed on
     a pinned magnetic layer with a non-magnetic layer therebetween, and thus
     the magnetic field from the hard bias layer is efficiently applied into a
     free magnetic layer. Also, the pinned magnetic layer is not influenced by
     the hard bias layer because of the interposition of the non-magnetic
     layer. Accordingly, the pinned magnetic layer and the free magnetic layer
     are properly put into single magnetic domain states, and thus, Barkhausen
     noise is reduced and satisfactory micro-track-asymmetry can be obtained."
"The present invention is an external field stabilized and near zero
     magnetostrictive double spin valve sensor with giant magnetoresistive
     (GMR) enhancing, antiparallel pinned and sense current field pinned
     layers. In a preferred embodiment of the invention the AP pinned layer has
     first and second films that are made of cobalt iron (Co.sub.90 Fe.sub.10).
     In order to enhance the spin dependent scattering first and second GMR
     enhancing layers are employed which are also constructed of cobalt iron
     (Co.sub.90 Fe.sub.90). Further, in order to double the spin valve effect a
     sense current field (SCF) pinned layer is employed which is pinned in the
     same direction as the second film of the AP pinned layer. The SCF pinned
     layer is also constructed of cobalt iron (Co.sub.90 Fe.sub.10). In the
     preferred embodiment all of the magnetic layers are constructed of cobalt
     iron (Co.sub.90 Fe.sub.10) so that their magnetic moments are returned to
     their original positions after the occurrence of an external field.
     Further, the cobalt iron (Co.sub.90 Fe.sub.10) has near zero
     magnetostriction so that stress induced anisotropy does not alter the
     magnetic properties of these layers. The high resistance of cobalt iron
     (Co.sub.90 Fe.sub.10) in the AP pinned layer and the SCF pinned layer
     ensures that a minimum amount of sense current field is shunted."
"A method used to implement a sampled servo control system in a magnetic
     disk drive for generating a fractional track portion of a position error
     signal to correctably maintain the alignment of a read transducer (or
     associated write transducer) relative to a centerline of one of a
     plurality of a concentric data tracks upon a rotating data storage disk.
     The system uses a hybrid approach of determining a fractional track
     position by using a two-burst algorithm when possible and using a
     multi-burst algorithm only when necessary. The system is particularly
     suited to determining fraction track position when jogging a relatively
     narrow magnetoresistive read transducer with a servo pattern normally
     useful only for wider transducers, namely a pattern of four angularly
     sequential servo bursts A, B, C, D that are 100% of a track pitch in width
     and are arranged in quadrature. In this context, the preferred system
     reads all four 100% servo bursts and then uniquely selects between a
     two-burst algorithm and a four-burst algorithm to generate a fractional
     track position relative to a two-burst centerline (A/B or C/D) or a
     four-burst centerline (N-Q or N+Q). In general, the servo system selects
     between the two-burst and the four-burst algorithms based on the
     transducer's passing through a two-burst zone or a four-burst zone, which
     preferably overlap, as determined from the relative burst amplitudes of
     all four servo bursts. When operating at a position in which the zones
     overlap, the preferred system is biased to select the zone corresponding
     to the algorithm used during the immediately previous servo sample in
     order to add stability."
"A digital magnetic reproducing apparatus comprises a reproducing head to
     reproduce data from a magnetic recording medium; an equalizer for shaping,
     by a partial response method, the waveform of the reproduced signal
     outputted from the reproducing head; and a decoder for decoding, by a
     maximum likelihood decoding method, the equalized reproduced signal
     obtained from the equalizer. The reproducing head employed in this
     apparatus is an MR (magnetoresistance effect) head which is capable of
     reducing the second harmonic distortion of the reproduced signal to be -25
     dB or lower. Therefore the deterioration of the bit error rate that may
     result from the nonlinear distortion of the MR head can be further lowered
     within a sufficiently suppressed range in practical use."
"A magneto-resistive effect type magnetic head employing a spin valve film
     in which the direction of magnetization of a free layer is constant even
     in the absence of an external magnetic field to assure magnetic stability.
     The magneto-resistive effect type magnetic head includes a
     magneto-resistive effect film of a planar substantially rectangular
     configuration, having its longitudinal direction substantially
     perpendicular to a magnetic recording medium sliding surface, a first
     electrode connected to a longitudinal end of the magneto-resistive effect
     film, a second electrode connected to the other longitudinal end of the
     magneto-resistive effect film and hard magnetic films arranged on both
     ends along the width of the magneto-resistive effect film. The
     magneto-resistive effect film is made up of at least a first ferromagnetic
     layer, a non-magnetic layer, a second ferromagnetic layer and an
     anti-ferromagnetic layer, layered together. The hard magnetic films has an
     electrical resistance larger than that of the magneto-resistive effect
     film."
"Magnetoresistive and spin valve heads have a layered structure. Common to
     each of the layered structures of these heads is the combination of a
     soft-magnetic layer of essentially NiFe near a spacer layer of essentially
     Ta, which is used for insuring (111) crystal orientation of the NiFe
     layer. An isolate layer is interposed between the spacer layer and the
     soft-magnetic layer to prevent a diffusion boundary from being created at
     the interface of these layers which tends to degrade the soft-magnetic
     property of the NiFe layer, especially when the thickness of the
     soft-magnetic layer is 10 and nm or less. The isolate layer is one of a
     composition in which the principal component is a magnetic element that is
     not solid soluble with Ta, a composition in which the principal component
     is a non-magnetic element that is not solid soluble with Ni and Fe, a
     composition in which the principal component is at least one of the
     elements of Co, Fe, Ti, V, Zr, Nb, Mo, Hf, W, Tc, Ru, Rh, Pd, Ag, Re, Os,
     Ir, Pt and Au; or a composition in which the principal component is of
     Co.sub.(100-x) Fe.sub.(x), where 20.gtoreq.X&gt;O. The isolate layer has a
     structure that is amorphous, an fcc structure."
"This invention relates to a three-dimensional digitizer and a probe means
     associated with said digitizer that enables a virtual target point to be
     visualized and depth and range measurements to that target to be
     determined. In one embodiment, a mechanical articulated arm or other type
     of 3-D digitizer is used in conjunction with a graphics workstation which
     displays images from CT, MR, or other scanning means of the anatomy. By
     registration of the digitizer to the patient's physical anatomy, a
     representation of the digitizer on the display means of the graphics
     workstation is possible. The position of the digitizer will be displayed
     in its quantitative relationship to the patient's anatomy, including
     internal pathologies such as tumors. The end means of the 3-D digitizer
     could be a holder or fixation device which can accept a sliding probe. The
     probe, for example, could be a shaft which slides in a spring-loaded or
     non-spring-loaded fashion within the fixation means of the digitizer. The
     degree of extension of the probe from the fixation means can be read out
     by a scale, which might be engraved on the shaft of the sliding probe. The
     digitizer, when calibrated to the anatomy, would register a target point
     and also a direction of the probe as it would approach that point, as seen
     on the graphics workstation. There may be a pre-determined relationship of
     the virtual tip of a probe relative to the fixation means as it scans the
     anatomy with the probe moving in space. The physical probe might be the
     sliding rod, which will be retractile within the fixation means. Thus, by
     knowing the degree of retraction, one can gauge the distance from the tip
     of the sliding probe to the virtual target, as calculated in the 3-D
     graphic workstation."
"A method for precisely locating and correcting data errors on a magnetic
     storage disk with a recording head, e.g. an MR head, in the presence of
     thermal asperities, scratches, or other data signal degradation causes is
     set forth. The method includes the steps of reading a sector of data and
     collecting ECC syndromes. At the same time, data errors may be detected
     and their proximate location determined, whereupon an ECC process is
     applied for correction of the errors. In the event the detected data
     errors are not correctable by the ECC, the method repetitively redefines
     the detected data error location and applies Forney's ECC erasure
     correction algorithm to each repetition. These repetitions are carried out
     a predetermined number of times until the data is corrected or the
     correction attempts are exhausted."
"The invention relates to MR guided intervention. For biopsies and similar
     interventions the challenge is to align a needle or other interventional
     device along an anticipated trajectory which hits a target point but does
     not intersect sensitive structures between the target and the surface. The
     invention includes the following method in order to position an MR visible
     device: collection of pre-intervention MR-images, establishing of an
     anticipated trajectory and an entry point by imaging of the MR-visible
     device and a thick slab positioned parallel to the surface and displaying
     of the MR localizer in the MR-image of the slab and moving the MR visible
     localizer to the entry point, imaging of two mutual orthogonal slices
     passing through the anticipated trajectory between the entry point and the
     target point and establishing an angle of entry by using for example a
     MR-visible pen and a targeting device."
"A magnetoresistive device includes a metal layer, formed over a substrate,
     in which a groove is formed. A magnetoresistive element is formed in the
     groove, forming two magnetoresistive element portions that are separated
     by a conductive element. A sense current applied to the metal layer flows
     through the two magnetoresistive element portions with a predominant
     current-perpendicular-to-plane component. A method includes techniques
     that are less complex and less expensive than submicron photolithography
     to form the above described magnetoresistive device with submicron
     geometries. A system includes a read/write head that incorporates a
     magnetoresistive element formed in a groove of a metal layer."
"A method is provided for making a well-defined, highly-predictable chevron
     type MR sensor for a read head. A first material is selected for a first
     gap layer. A selected second material is deposited on the first gap layer
     followed by a resist frame that has elongated openings exposing elongated
     top portions of the first gap layer that extend at an acute angle to a
     head surface of the read head. A selected reactive ion etch (RIE) is
     employed to etch away the exposed portions of the second material layer
     down to the first material of the first gap layer. The material of the
     second material layer is chosen to be etched by the RIE while the material
     of the first gap layer is chosen not to be etched by the RIE. An example
     is Al.sub.2 O.sub.3 for the first gap layer, SiO.sub.2 for the second
     material layer and a RIE that is fluorine based. The resist frame is
     removed leaving elongated strips of the second material layer extending at
     the aforementioned angle to the head surface. MR material is then
     sputtered on top of the first gap layer and on the second material strips
     building up a MR sensor which has a ribbed structure on each of its first
     and second surfaces. The resultant MR head has second material strips
     sandwiched between the first gap layer and the MR sensor."
"A process for resetting or initially establishing the magnetic orientation
     of one or more spin valves in a magnetoresistive read head with improved
     robustness. The spin valve includes subcomponents such as an
     antiferromagnetic layer, a ferromagnetic pinned layer, a conductive layer,
     a free layer, and a hard bias layer. A first external magnetic field is
     first applied to the spin valve sensor, this field having a first
     orientation relative to the spin valve sensor. During application of the
     first external magnetic field, a pulse of electrical current is directed
     through the spin valve sensor in a first direction, preferably parallel to
     the magnetic orientation of the external field. The current waveform
     brings the antiferromagnetic layer of the spin valve past its blocking
     temperature, freeing its magnetic orientation. The first external field
     exerts a robust bias upon the antiferromagnetic layer in the desired
     direction. Depending upon its flow direction, the current pulse may
     contribute an internal magnetic field that cooperates in magnetically
     biasing the antiferromagnetic layer as desired. After the current pulse,
     the antiferromagnetic layer cools below its blocking temperature,
     retaining the desired biasing. After the first external field is removed,
     and a second external magnetic field may be applied to the spin valve
     sensor for a predetermined time. The second external field is oriented to
     magnetically direct the hard bias layer of the sensor, thereby
     establishing the quiescent magnetization of the sensor's ferromagnetic
     free layer."
"A magnetoresistance effect head includes a magnetic film for detecting a
     signal magnetic field. The magnetic film has substantially flat upper and
     lower surfaces, a detecting area for detecting the signal magnetic field,
     and non-detecting areas formed on both sides of the detecting area. One
     pair selected from a group of a pair of protrusions, a pair of
     depressions, and a pair of steps are formed at edge portions in a track
     width direction of the detecting area on at least one of the upper surface
     and the lower surface."
"An enhancement of the precision of the positioning of the head in a
     magnetic recording device having a magnetoresistive head is provided. The
     burst pattern stored in a storage medium is read by the head, and the two
     triangular waves are demodulated in the demodulation portion through the
     read/write portion. The actual head position signal generated in the head
     position signal generation portion is compared in the comparison portion
     with the target position generated in the target position generation
     portion. The deviation .DELTA.P as the output is controlled and calculated
     in the proportional and integral control portion, and the resultant output
     is compensated with regard to the reading gain difference of the head in
     the gain difference compensation portion. An arc-sine function
     transformation is carried out in the linearity compensation portion to
     compensate for the linearity. The position of the head is adjusted by the
     voice coil motor based on the signal after the compensation. The gain
     difference compensation characteristic can be changed during the operation
     of the magnetic recording device by the gain difference compensation
     characteristic determination portion."
"A signal reproducing circuit for a magneto-resistive effect head includes a
     constant current source for supplying a sense current to an MR head in a
     read state, first constant current sources for supplying first constant
     currents to a pair of reproduction transistors in the read state, and a
     capacitor connected between the emitters of the transistors. Furthermore,
     second constant current sources for supplying second constant currents are
     connected in parallel with the first constant current sources. Control is
     given so that when switching an idle state to the read state is commanded,
     the second constant current sources remain on for a given period of time.
     Owing to this circuitry, a transient period during which the idle state is
     switched to the read state or a transient period during which heads are
     switched in the read state can be shortened to a great extent.
     Consequently, superposition of an unwanted offset component on a
     reproduced signal can be suppressed, and a loss in data-handling capacity
     can be minimized."
"The RBSOA of a device is improved. A gate electrode (10) is linked to a p
     base layer (4) which is formed in a cell region (CR), and a p
     semiconductor layer (13) is formed to surround the cell region (CR). An
     emitter electrode (11) is connected to a top surface of a side diffusion
     region (SD) of the p semiconductor layer (13) and to a top surface of a
     margin region (MR) which is adjacent to the side diffusion region (SD),
     through a contact hole (CH). Further, in these regions, an n.sup.+
     emitter layer (5) is not formed. Most of avalanche holes (H) which are
     created in the vicinity of the side diffusion region (SD) when a high
     voltage is applied pass through the side diffusion region (SD), while some
     of the avalanche holes (H) pass through the margin region (MR) and are
     then ejected to the emitter electrode (11). Since there is no n.sup.+
     emitter layer (5) in these paths, a flow of the holes (H) does not conduct
     a parasitic bipolar transistor. As a result of this, the RBSOA is
     improved."
"A method for making a magnetoresistive sensing device including depositing
     an ultrathin active film responsive to changes in magnetic field energy
     onto a compliant layer of periodic table group III-V semiconductor
     material on a semiconductor substrate wafer, the compliant layer being
     capable of retaining strain energy resulting from the layering
     semiconductor materials with different lattice constants. This method
     produces a battery operable ultrathin device highly sensitive to changes
     in magnetic field flux."
"A magnetoresistance effect type head comprises a magnetoresistance effect
     film having a pair of leads connected thereto and possessing a magnetic
     field responding part and a pair of upper and lower shield layers having a
     magnetoresistance effect film nipped therebetween through the medium of a
     magnetic gap-forming insulating film. This magnetoresistance effect type
     head satisfies the relations, W.sub.s &lt;W.sub.r and T.sub.r &lt;W.sub.r,
     wherein W.sub.s stands for the width of the surface of the upper shield
     layer facing the magnetoresistance effect film, W.sub.r for the distance
     between the pair of leads, and T.sub.r for the width of the magnetic field
     responding part of the magnetoresistance effect film. The magnetic field
     responding part of the magnetoresistance effect film is formed as of the
     remainder of the MR film region whose magnetic moment is fixed outside the
     end part of the upper shield layer facing the MA film. The magnetic field
     responding part is otherwise formed of a protruding part of the
     magnetoresistance effect film extended in the direction of the surface
     facing the medium. As a result, linear resolution suitable for a system
     having such high recording density as exceeds the order of Gb/inch.sup.2
     of planar recording density is obtained. Further, a narrow track suitable
     for a system of high recording density can be produced accurately."
"A method is provided for determining errors in MR imaging which result from
     translational motion of an object. In accordance with the method, an MR
     point source is rigidly joined to the object in selected spatial
     relationship, and for movement in unison therewith. An MR system is
     operated to acquire an overall k-space signal which represents an image of
     the object and of the point source collectively, the overall k-space
     signal being contaminated by phase errors which result from the motion. A
     k-space data set which represents an image of the point source alone, and
     which remains contaminated by the phase errors, is filtered or separated
     out from the overall k-space signal. The MR system is operated in selected
     association with the point source to acquire a reference k-space data set,
     which represents an image of the point source alone but which is
     unaffected by the phase errors resulting from the motion. The reference
     k-space data set is then selectively compared with the filtered k-space
     data set, to determine the phase errors. Alternatively, the reference
     k-space data set can be replaced by a plurality of k-space alignment lines
     in parallel relationship to the phase-encoding axis."
"A magnoresistance effect element made up of an anti-ferromagnetic layer, a
     fixed magnetic layer, a non-magnetic and a free magnetic layer, laminated
     successively onto a base layer. The ant-ferromagnetic layer is a layer
     film or multiple layer film comprising Ni oxide, Co oxide, or Fe oxide as
     a principal component, or a mixture of these. An adhesive layer for
     preventing peeling due to heat generated by the flow of current is
     provided between the base layer and the anti-ferromagnetic layer. By
     providing an adhesive layer between the base layer and the ferromagnetic
     layer in this way, the adhesive force between the base layer and the
     anti-ferromagnetic layer is increased, and therefore peeling does not
     occur, even if there are temperature changes in the magnetoresistance
     effect element."
"A magnetic element comprises a granular magnetic film which has
     ferromagnetic fine particles dispersed in a dielectric matrix and does not
     display superparamagnetism and further possesses a finite coercive force,
     and a ferromagnetic film. A granular magnetic film and a ferromagnetic
     film are stacked or arrayed along one surface of a substrate and
     constitutes a ferromagnetic tunnel junction film. In the ferromagnetic
     tunnel junction film, the granular magnetic film functions as a barrier.
     Of the granular magnetic film and the ferromagnetic film, by varying spin
     direction of one ferromagnetic film through an external magnetic field, a
     giant magnetoresistance effect is manifested. Such a magnetic element is
     characterized in that magnetoresistance change rate is large, saturation
     magnetic field is small, resistance of the element can be controlled to an
     appropriate value, performance is small in its variation and stable."
"A magnetoresistive sensor fabricated by creating first antiferromagnetic
     layers on the upper surfaces of a lower-gap layer the antiferromagnetic
     layer having first and second exposed portions separated by a track width
     formed by the upper surface of the lower-gap layer. Then, a free magnetic
     layer, a nonmagnetic electrically conductive layer, a pinned magnetic
     layer and a second antiferromagnetic layer are stacked on the first
     antiferromagnetic layers and a portion on the track width one after
     another. Since the free magnetic layer is created after the first
     antiferromagnetic layer, the free magnetic layer and the first
     antiferromagnetic layer are adhered to each other with a high degree of
     reliability. When the direction of magnetization in the free magnetic
     layer is changed by an external magnetic field, the electrical resistance
     of the magnetoresistive sensor also changes. The change in electrical
     resistance is, in turn, used for detecting the external magnetic field.
     Since the first antiferromagnetic layers put the free magnetic layer in a
     single-domain state in the X direction, the amount of Barkhausen noise can
     be reduced."
"A magnetoresistance effect device of the invention includes: a substrate;
     and a multilayer structure formed on the substrate. The multilayer
     structure includes a hard magnetic film, a soft magnetic film, and a
     non-magnetic metal film for separating the hard magnetic film from the
     soft magnetic film. The magnetization curve of the hard magnetic film has
     a good square feature, and the direction of a magnetization easy axis of
     the hard magnetic film substantially agrees to the direction of a magnetic
     field to be detected."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) head (100) for use in a data storage system
     includes an MR sensor layer (170) and a soft adjacent layer (SAL) (120)
     disposed along a length of the MR sensor layer and adapted to vertically
     bias the MR sensor layer. A spacer layer (130) is formed between the MR
     sensor layer and the SAL in a central region (200) of the MR head. The MR
     sensor layer and the SAL are independently stabilized by first and second
     permanent magnet (PM) layers (160, 140), each formed in contact with one
     of the SAL and the MR sensor layer in first and second wing regions (210,
     220) of the MR head. This allows a layer of low resistivity material (150)
     to be placed between the first and second PM layers in the first and
     second wing regions in order to lower the resistance of the MR head."
"A magnetoresistance effect element provided with a spin valve film composed
     of a first magnetic layer formed on a metallic buffer layer, a middle
     non-magnetic layer formed on the first magnetic layer, and a second
     magnetic layer formed on the non-magnetic layer, has an atomic-diffusion
     barrier layer whose average thickness is 2 nm or less formed in the
     interface between the metallic buffer layer and the first magnetic layer.
     Or a magnetoresistance effect element provided with a spin valve film
     composed of a first magnetic layer composed of a laminated film of a
     magnetic undercoat layer and a ferromagnetic layer, a middle non-magnetic
     layer formed on the first magnetic layer, and a second magnetic layer
     formed on the middle non-magnetic layer, has an atomic-diffusion barrier
     layer whose average thickness is 2 nm or less formed in the interface
     between the magnetic undercoat layer and the ferromagnetic layer."
"In a composite magnetic head comprising a magnetoresistive read head
     including a magnetic thin film having a magnetoresistive effect and soft
     magnetic members interposing the soft magnetic film between them through a
     non-magnetic insulation layer, an induction type write head including
     poles formed in a moving direction of a medium and a conductor crossing
     the poles, and disposed in the proximity of the magnetoresistive head, and
     a substrate supporting these heads, the present invention discloses a
     composite magnetic head characterized in that part of a floating surface
     inclusive of the magnetic head constituent members has recesses and the
     read/write operations to and from the medium are effected by the portion
     interposed by these recesses."
"A magnetoresistive sensor and preamplifier system for sensing magnetization
     patterns in a magnetic disk based digital data storage and retrieval
     memory with a grounded magnetoresistive sensor The signals from the
     magnetoresistive sensor are coupled by a coupling capacitor to a grounded
     differential amplifier. The structure of the coupling capacitor in a
     monolithic integrated circuit determines the passband for the system in
     passing the magnetoresistive sensor signals."
"A magnetic storage apparatus exploits the inherent characteristics of a
     magnetoresistive element to improve the performance of a magnetic head
     employing the element. Variations in element height or element thickness
     of the magnetoresistive element are considered in the selection of a sense
     current appropriate to the element size, by measuring the voltage between
     the terminals of the magnetoresistive head and controlling the sense
     current so that the output reference voltage approaches a predetermined
     value. In another embodiment, the sense current is controlled so that the
     voltage amplitude or a reference amplitude are set to a predetermined
     value. In both embodiments, a conversion table is preferably used to
     relate voltage amplitudes with sense currents, whereby an appropriate
     sense current is selected based upon the voltage amplitude."
"An MR head circuit including a differential amplifier, means for applying a
     dc bias to the head, a capacitor mounted in parallel to the head to
     eliminate the dc voltage offset, and a feedback loop configured for
     evaluating the differential voltage and for controlling the current in
     portions of the amplifier to rapidly charge the capacitor upon circuit
     activation. The feedback loop also includes a thermal asperity compensator
     configured for producing a given signal, both upon activation of the
     circuit and when the magnitude of the voltage differential exceeds a given
     value, and the feedback loop includes means responsive to the given signal
     for altering select current paths of the feedback loop to thereby produce
     elevated charging currents in the differential amplifier during initial
     activation, and to increase the ac gain of the feedback loop at other
     times so as to raise the lower corner frequency of the differential
     amplifier to filter out the relatively low frequency of a thermal asperity
     waveform. The feedback loop includes current paths for developing
     difference currents representing the differential output voltage, and each
     path is coupled to the differential amplifier for controlling it, and the
     current paths include a shunt transistor operative for altering the
     resistance of the current paths and the ac gain of the current network
     responsive to the given signal."
"A method for assessing write element performance in a combined magnetic
     head that also includes a magneto-resistive (MR) read element for a data
     storage drive includes exciting the write element with a square wave
     immediately after lapping the head during manufacture, before mounting the
     head for operation in the drive. The write element generates an output
     signal, and the output signal is detected by the read element and then
     used to determine whether the write element is defective. By using a
     square wave, temperature gradients in the head and inductive pick up is
     avoided, thereby facilitating the use of the read element as a test
     sensor."
"A magnetic detector is disclosed with a power-on function which can
     essentially eliminate temperature characteristics of a magnetic field
     sensing device and improve edge detecting accuracy of alternately
     projected and recessed portions of a moving member of magnetic material.
     The magnetic detector comprises a magnet for generating a magnetic field,
     a rotary member of magnetic material disposed with a predetermined gap
     remaining relative to the magnet and having alternately projected and
     recessed portions to change the magnetic field generated by the magnet,
     and a magnetoresistive device comprising a plurality of magnetic field
     sensing elements and detecting changes in the magnetic field by movement
     of the rotary member of magnetic material. The magnetic flux crosses the
     plurality of magnetic field sensing elements at a first predetermined
     angle when the recessed portion of the moving member of magnetic material
     is opposed to the magnetic field sensing device, and the magnetic flux
     crosses the plurality of magnetic field sensing elements at a second
     predetermined angle when the projected portion of the moving member of
     magnetic material is opposed to the magnetic field sensing device. The
     first and second predetermined angles are symmetrical with respect to a
     direction vertical to a plane in which the plurality of magnetic field
     sensing elements are arranged."
"A preamplifier circuit couple to a magneto-resistive (MR) head used in the
     read circuitry of a magnetic storage device includes differential
     amplifiers coupled to receive an input from the MR head and to provide
     output signals. The preamplifier is designed to provide a low noise level.
     To minimize noise, transistors of the differential amplifiers provide high
     current gain and have large device geometries."
"A thin film magnetic head is capable of providing sufficient
     characteristics as an interlayer insulation layer even when a low
     temperature heat treatment is performed, and improving throughput of a
     process. The thin film magnetic head is fabricated by forming a protective
     layer 2 on a substrate 1, forming a lower shield 3 on the protective layer
     2, forming a reading MR portion 4 on the lower shield 3, and forming an
     insulation layer 5 as a gap layer. A soft magnetic material layer of
     permalloy is formed as a common pole 6. On the common pole 6, a negative
     type photoresist 7 is applied. A patterning is performed by irradiating a
     light via an insulation layer pattern mask 9 and performing etching by a
     developer. Then, heat treatment is performed at a temperature lower than
     or equal to 200.degree. C. under inert atmosphere to form an interlayer
     insulation layer. Over this, a coil 8 is formed. In order to save a step,
     a negative type photoresist 7 is applied to form an interlayer insulation
     layer."
"A magnetic thin film memory includes a stack of magnetic thin film devices
     each comprising a first magnetic layer, a second magnetic layer of higher
     coercive force than the first magnetic layer on the first magnetic layer,
     and a non-magnetic layer between the first magnetic layer and the second
     magnetic layer. A conductive write wire separated from each magnetic thin
     film device by an insulator enables the application of a magnetic field. A
     pair of electrodes enables electric current flow through the magnetic
     layers in order to detect changes in magnetoresistance dependent on
     information recorded in the devices."
"A magnetic storage system capable of separating thermal signals from data
     signals is disclosed. The magnetic storage system includes a magnetic
     media and a head associated with the magnetic media. The head includes a
     magneto-resistive element which is biased by a modulated bias current. The
     modulated bias current modulates thermal signals to a first frequency and
     modulates data signals to at least a second frequency. A method of
     separating thermal signals from data signals read from a magnetic storage
     media is also disclosed. The method includes the steps of (1) providing a
     head for reading information from the magnetic storage media, the head
     having an MR element; and, (2) biasing the MR element with a modulated
     bias current."
"In a rotating magnetic disk storage device which uses an imbedded servo
     pattern for positioning an actuator, each transducer head comprises two
     magnetoresistive read elements, the read elements being separated by an
     insulating layer. The read elements are of different widths, the narrower
     element being used to read data, and the wider element being used to read
     servo patterns which locate the track centerline. The read elements are
     preferably deposited in layers on the rear of the slider body, with a
     thin-film inductive write head deposited in layers over the read elements.
     Preferably, the read elements are connected to three lead wires: a common
     ground lead, and separate sense leads. The sense amplification electronics
     alternatively sense resistance changes in one element or the other as the
     head passes over data or servo patterns. Because the narrow read element
     is used for reading data, noise due to reading too close to the edge of
     the track can be reduced. Because the wide element is used for reading the
     track centerline servo pattern, the full pattern width can be read and the
     transducer positioned more accurately."
"A magnetoresistive element is obtained which can exhibit a larger MR change
     than conventional.
The magnetoresistive element is characterized as comprising a multilayer
     film 3 having a multilayer structure in which a nonmagnetic conductive
     layer 5 is interposed between a pair of ferromagnetic layer 4, 6, a pair
     of electrodes 7, 8 which produces a detection current flow through the
     multilayer film 3, and filter layers 1, 2 comprised of ferromagnetic
     material and disposed between at least one of the pair of ferromagnetic
     layers and the electrodes 7, 8 for delivering spin-polarized electrons to
     the ferromagnetic layers 4, 6, and characterized that a traveling distance
     of electrons in the ferromagnetic layers 4, 6 is maintained shorter than a
     spin diffusion length."
"A magnetoresistive spin valve sensor is described. Such a sensor is also
     known as a GMR sensor or giant magnetoresistive sensor. The layers (24,
     26, 28) of the sensor are mounted on a substrate (20) having steps or
     terraces on one of its face. The steps or terraces on the substrate's
     surface cooperate with one or more of the ferromagnetic layers (24, 28) of
     the sensor to determine the layers' magnetic properties. Specifically, the
     thickness of one or more of the sensor's layers can be set above or below
     a critical thickness which determines whether the easy direction of
     uniaxial magnetization of a layer of that particular material is fixed or
     ""pinned"". If pinned, the layer has a high coercive field. Thus, the new
     device avoids a biasing layer to pin any of the magnetic layers.
     Preferably the easy axes of the first two ferromagnetic layers (24, 28)
     are set at 90.degree. to one another in the zero applied field condition
     by appropriate choice of layer thickness. A method for manufacturing and
     several fields of use of the sensor are also disclosed."
"The contactless magneto-resistive angle sensing device (1) includes two
     sensor components (10,11) oriented at a fixed angle relative to each
     other, a controllable power supply (PW) to heat and maintain the sensor
     components (10,11) at different temperatures, a magnet (MG) producing a
     magnetic field (B) in which the sensor components are arranged and an
     evaluating device (12) to receive output signals (U1,U2) from the sensor
     components (10,11). Each sensor component (10,11) includes
     magneto-resistive resistors (MR) connected in a respective bridge (B1,B2)
     having input terminals (I1,I1';I2,I2') for supply of current and output
     terminals (O1,O1';O2,O2') for the output signal (U1,U2). In a rotating
     magnetic field the evaluating device (12) analyzes the output signals
     (U1,U2) as a function of field angle and temperature to determine a
     reference angle at which the output signals of the angle sensing device
     have a minimum temperature dependence and stores the reference angle as a
     zero point for subsequent angular measurements. The sensor components are
     then mounted on a rotatable part whose angular position is to be
     subsequently measured at an angular position in relation to a stationary
     magnetic corresponding to the reference angle."
"An electrostatic protection network is disclosed that may be employed in a
     disk drive having a magneto-resistive read element. The network comprises
     a ground; and an array that block a signal current flow between the read
     element and the ground while a signal voltage is below a predetermined
     value and conducts the signal current from the read element to the ground
     while the signal voltage is above the predetermined value. The array is
     formed of a N-channel and P-channel junction field effect transistors.
     Thus, electrostatic discharge events are dissipated through the network to
     diminish damage to the read element during an ESD event."
"Process for manufacturing a magnetoresistive magnetic sensor using in
     magnetometry and a sensor obtained using this process. According to the
     invention, the sensor comprises two concentrator guides (32, 34) embedded
     in a substrate (20). The inclined flanks of these guides correspond to the
     crystallographic planes of the substrate (20). The magnetoresistance (40)
     is placed on the substrate (20) between guides (32, 34)."
"A method for fabricating a soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR)
     sensor element and several soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR)
     sensor elements which may be fabricated employing the method. There is
     first provided a substrate. There is formed over the substrate a
     dielectric layer, where the dielectric layer has a first surface of the
     dielectric layer and a second surface of the dielectric layer opposite the
     first surface of the dielectric layer. There is also formed over the
     substrate a magnetoresistive (MR) layer contacting the first surface of
     the dielectric layer. There is also formed over the substrate a soft
     adjacent layer (SAL), where the soft adjacent layer (SAL) has a first
     surface of the soft adjacent layer (SAL) and a second surface of the soft
     adjacent layer (SAL). The first surface of the soft adjacent layer (SAL)
     contacts the second surface of the dielectric layer. Finally, there is
     also formed over the substrate a transverse magnetic biasing layer, where
     the transverse magnetic biasing layer contacts the second surface of the
     soft adjacent layer (SAL), and where at least one of the dielectric layer,
     the magnetoresistive (MR) layer, the soft adjacent layer (SAL) and the
     transverse magnetic biasing layer is a patterned layer formed employing an
     etch mask which serves as a lift-off stencil for forming a patterned
     second dielectric layer adjoining an edge of the patterned layer. The
     invention also contemplates a soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive
     (MR) sensor element formed with the magnetoresistive (MR) layer interposed
     between the substrate and the soft adjacent layer (SAL). Similarly, the
     invention also contemplates a soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive
     (MR) sensor element employing a transverse magnetic biasing layer formed
     of a hard bias permanent magnet material."
"An implantable electrical device that includes a control unit and one or
     more leads. The leads are configured to be implanted in the chambers of
     the heart of a patient and the control unit is configured to be implanted
     in the body of the patient. The control unit induces the leads to provide
     therapeutic electrical stimuli to the heart. The control unit also
     includes a magnetoresistive sensor that senses the presence of an
     externally applied magnetic field. The sensor outputs a signal which has a
     value that is proportionate to the sensed magnitude of the externally
     applied magnetic field. The control unit initiates a preprogrammed
     activity, which for example can be either a function or a change in the
     mode of operation of the device, when it receives a signal from the
     magnetic field sensor indicating that the magnitude of the sensed magnetic
     field has a value corresponding to the magnitude of a magnetic field that
     occurs as a result of positioning a selected external magnet adjacent the
     control unit."
"A medical imaging apparatus comprises magnetic resonance imaging means (30)
     for obtaining a MR tomogram of an object to be examined, X-ray
     radiographic means (11,12,13) for obtaining a radiographic image of the
     object and imaging control means for controlling overall timings of
     application of magnetic fields and acquisition of the nuclear magnetic
     resonance signals in the MRI means and timing of X-ray emission in the
     X-ray radiographic means. In the medical imaging apparatus, MR imaging is
     carried out in parallel with X-ray radiography by controlling the timing
     of X-ray emission to be noncoincident with both the timing of application
     of magnetic fields and the timing of acquisition of NMR signals to obtain
     X-ray images and MR images both having approximately the same time phase."
"A soft magnetic layer is employed in place of the nonmagnetic insulating
     layer in a yoke type or flux guide type magnetoresistive head in which the
     magnetoresistive element is provided with a yoke or flux guide via a
     non-magnetic insulating layer which overlaps the magnetoresistive element,
     in part. Thus, leakage magnetic field can be guided effectively and
     playback output can be improved."
"A multi-layered magnetoresistance effect film, a magnetoresistance effect
     device and a magnetoresistance effect magnetic head of high sensitivity
     not affected by the sense current magnetic field. The multi-layered
     magnetoresistance effect film 1 includes a multi-layered film 4 of a
     pattern made up of magnetic layers 10 and non-magnetic electrically
     conductive layers 11, repeatedly layered together, and electrically
     conductive layers 3, 5 formed on at least one end face in the layering
     direction of the multi-layered film 4. The resistivity of the electrically
     conductive layers 3, 5 is selected to be larger than that of the magnetic
     layer 10. The magnetoresistance effect device has the above-defined
     multi-layered magnetoresistance effect film 1, while the magnetoresistance
     effect magnetic head has the above-defined magnetoresistance effect
     device."
"A thin-film magnetic head includes an MR element serving as a reproducing
     element and a recording induction coil. The MR element is disposed between
     a lower magnetic pole and an intermediate magnetic pole. The recording
     induction coil is disposed between the intermediate magnetic pole and an
     upper magnetic pole. At least a portion of the upper magnetic pole in the
     vicinity of a recording gap is formed of a material having a high
     saturation magnetic flux density of 1.4 T or higher. The intermediate
     magnetic pole is formed of a material having a high resistivity of 80
     .mu..OMEGA..multidot.cm or higher."
"A thin film magnetic head has a main magnetic pole piece, a
     magnetoresistance effect element, a bias layer giving a bias magnetic
     field to the magnetoresistance effect element, an auxiliary magnetic pole
     piece and an insulating layer leaving a space between the main magnetic
     pole piece and the auxiliary magnetic pole piece, the main magnetic pole
     piece is almost disposed in parallel with the magnetoresistance effect
     element, a distance between the main magnetic pole piece and the
     magnetoresistance effect element is selected from 1 nm to 1 .mu.m."
"A magnetoresistive transducer biasing technique that provides a uniform
     transducer biasing in a product. The technique provides biasing for
     transducer constant power dissipation, constant sensor current density
     biasing, constant sensor bias voltage, constant sensor temperature rise
     biasing, and constant effective magnetic biasing of a transducer."
"A read channel for use in a disk drive having an MR head. The read channel
     comprises a compensation device which has a high-pass filter (HPF) for
     compensating a thermal asperity (TA). The read channel suppresses level
     changes of a data signal which have resulted from TA disturbance present
     in the data signal. The read channel has a switch circuit connected to the
     input of the HPF, for canceling the DC undershoot present in the data
     signal. The switch circuit maintains the DC level of the data signal at
     zero level while a thermal asperity is being detected in the data signal."
"A magnetic field sensor has a substrate on which a plurality of resistive
     elements form a double Wheatstone bridge circuit, at least one of the
     resistive elements in each bridge having a magneto-resistive
     characteristic. The two bridges are identical except in that, if a given
     magneto-resistive element in a given branch in one bridge has a positive
     output polarity, then the corresponding magneto-resistive element in the
     same branch in the other bridge will have a negative output polarity. By
     adding the output signals of the two Wheatstone bridges a zero-point
     offset of the sensor can be determined and eliminated. There is no need to
     employ the so-called flipping technique employed for that purpose in
     conventional sensors, which requires increased power consumption."
"A magnetoresistive element has a height that extends from the air-bearing
     surface of a head. The height is determined by a slot in the head
     extending from the air-bearing surface adjacent the sensor portion at an
     acute angle to both the air bearing surface and the height of the
     magnetoresistive element to separate the magnetoresistive element into the
     sensor portion and a dormant portion. Alternatively, the height is
     determined by a recess of design depth in the magnetoresistive element at
     the air bearing surface. Alternatively, the height of the magnetoresistive
     element is determined by a stepped thickness to the first and second bias
     current carrying contacts along the height of the magnetoresistive
     element."
"A controllable valve assembly (18) applicable in Magnetorheological (MR)
     fluid devices (20), such as MR mounts and MR dampers. The valve assembly
     (18) includes a valve body (32) having a magnetic circuit (40) contained
     therein which carries magnetic flux .PHI., a controllable passageway (42)
     within the magnetic circuit (40), a MR (magnetically controlled) fluid
     (44) including soft-magnetic particles in a liquid carrier contained in
     the controllable passageway (42), a magnetic flux generator, such as a
     wound wire coil (46), generating magnetic flux .PHI. which is directed
     through the MR fluid (44) in the controllable passageway (42) thereby
     generating ""rheology"" changes causing restriction in flow of MR fluid (44)
     therethrough. In one aspect, a one-way check valve (34) is operative with
     a passive passageway (36) which is arranged in parallel relationship to
     the controllable passageway (42) provides ""asymmetric"" damping across the
     controllable valve (18) creating higher pressure differentials in a first
     direction and a lower in a second direction without ""rapidly switching""
     the current to the coil (46). In another aspect, ""asymmetric"" damping is
     provided by a ""changeable gap"" formed by a moveable wall portion of the
     controllable passageway (42). In a third aspect, a first controllable
     passageway provides controllable flow in a first direction and a second
     controllable passageway provides controllable flow in a second direction,
     thereby provide ""asymmetry."" In a fourth aspect, ""asymmetry"" is provides
     by a ""variable magnetic short"" which changes magnetic circuit reluctance
     dependent on flow direction."
"A method for fabricating a dual element head is disclosed. One embodiment
     includes first depositing a first head element upon a substrate and second
     depositing a second head element upon the first head element. Each of the
     depositing steps includes a tolerance that is independent of the other. In
     the second depositing step, the functional width of the second head
     element (i.e., the write width if the second head element is a write
     element) is made wider than a desired functional width for the second head
     element. The second head element is then trimmed to substantially achieve
     the desired functional width while using a portion of the first head
     element as a reference to reduce errors associated with the independent
     nature of the first and second tolerances. For instance, the portion of
     the first head element used as a reference can be an edge of a
     magnetoresistive (MR) read element that defines the read width of the read
     element. Preferably, the trimming step includes creating erase notches on
     a portion of the write element that are capable of erasing data from a
     recording medium. Thereafter, second notches that are deeper than the
     erase notches and hence less capable of erasing data than the erase
     notches are created next to the erase notches to adjust the width of the
     erase notches. It is also preferred that the first head element and the
     second head element include an air bearing surface that resides
     substantially in the x-z plane, and that the second head element is
     trimmed by a focussed ion beam from a direction that includes a
     y-component to adjust the width of the second head element in the
     z-direction."
"A thin-film magnetic head of the present invention has a magnetoresistive
     device composed of a first magnetic layer, a non-magnetic layer and a
     second magnetic layer. An antiferromagnetic layer is in close contact with
     the first magnetic layer, and hard magnetic layers are formed on both
     sides of the second magnetic layer. The magnetization direction of the
     first magnetic layer is fixed in the y direction by exchange anisotropic
     coupling to the antiferromagnetic layer, and the second magnetic layer is
     put into a single domain state in the x direction by the application of
     magnetic anisotropy from a recording medium. Accordingly, the angle
     between the magnetization directions of the first and second magnetic
     layers changes continuously in response to the change in a leakage
     magnetic field in the y direction from the recording medium, the electric
     resistance of the magnetoresistive device changes continuously, and
     therefore, Barkhausen noise is minimized."
"A MR transducer with a spin-valve structure formed on a substrate. The
     spin-valve structure has at least an antiferromagnetic material layer made
     of a NiMn alloy, a first ferromagnetic material layer, a nonmagnetic
     material layer and a second ferromagnetic material layer sequentially
     deposited on the substrate in this order."
"A crystal-oriented ceramic has an isotropic or pseudoisotropic
     perovskite-type-structure of not smaller than 10% in Lotgering orientation
     degree. The ceramic may contain at least one of Bi, Sr and Ca. A host
     material, a raw material capable of producing a guest material and an
     additive having the ability of converting a host material into a guest
     material are mixed and roll-pressed, and sintered under heat to give the
     crystal-oriented ceramic as a large-sized and bulky material. This
     crystal-oriented ceramic has good crystal orientation-dependent
     characteristics including piezoelectricity, pyroelectricity, ionic
     conductivity, giant magneto-resistivity effect, etc. This crystal-oriented
     ceramic can be produced by orienting epitaxially the polycrystals of an
     isotropic or pseudoisotropic perovskite oxide according to the orientation
     of the crystal plane or axis of a host material. The ceramic can be
     applied to an inexpensive and large-sized device. The host material may be
     a magnetoplumbite-type-structured or Sr.sub.2 Nb.sub.2 O.sub.7
     -type-structured material, and may be composed of
     morphologically-anisotropic grains."
"A row of disk drive slider blanks with magneto-resistive read sensors are
     lapped after being mounted on the flat surface of a row carrier used to
     mount the row assembly on a row bending tool. Residual stresses present in
     the row due to wafer processing are relieved by removing the kerf areas
     between the slider blanks prior to lapping to prevent the stresses from
     causing inaccuracies in the lapping process. The stability of sliders
     below 30% can be enhanced by using wafers thicker than is required and
     then slicing the extra material from the row of slider blanks after it has
     been bonded to the row carrier either before or after the lapping process."
"Within a soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element
     which may be employed within a magnetic head there is first employed a
     substrate. Formed over the substrate is a soft adjacent layer (SAL). In
     turn, formed upon the soft adjacent layer (SAL) is a dielectric layer.
     Finally, in turn, formed at least in part upon the dielectric layer is a
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer. Within the soft adjacent layer (SAL)
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element the soft adjacent layer (SAL) and the
     dielectric layer are planar. In addition, within the soft adjacent layer
     (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element both an upper surface of the
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer and a lower interface of the magnetoresistive
     (MR) layer are non-planar."
"An optical disc having a functional film, formed by a thin metal plate, and
     a protective film, formed on a transparent substrate, is disclosed. The
     protective film satisfies a condition d.gtoreq.2d.sub.0, where d is a
     maximum film thickness at an outer periphery of the protective film and
     d.sub.0 is a mean film thickness at a flat portion on a data area. A
     magneto-optical disc having a functional film which is a metal thin film
     having magneto-optical effects is also disclosed, wherein the protective
     film satisfies a condition that a difference L.sub.1 between a maximum
     film thickness d at the outer periphery of the protective film and a mean
     film thickness d.sub.0 at a flat portion of the data area is 40 .mu.m or
     less and the protective film has a curved surface having a radius of
     curvature R.sub.1 .gtoreq.12.48 mm at the outer periphery of the
     protective film. The present invention provides an optical disc having
     superior recording properties and a sufficient corrosion resistance even
     when the disc is provided with a highly corrosive thin metal film, such as
     a rare earth-transition metal amorphous thin film."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) reproduction element is positioned during data
     recording, data reproduction, and formatting so that its total range of
     movement is 3/2 times a range of movement (microjogging) from the location
     of the reproduction element in data recording to the location of the
     reproduction element in data reproduction. The total range of movement is
     centered within a range where the detection of positional error of the
     reproduction element changes linearly. Therefore, in the respective data
     recording, data reproduction and formatting processes, microjogging is
     performed and the detection of positional error changes linearly for each
     of an off-track OF.sub.W in data recording, an off-track OF.sub.R in data
     reproduction, and an off-track OF.sub.F in formatting. Accordingly, the
     characteristics of the MR reproduction element can be effectively used to
     a maximum degree and information can be reproduced without being
     undetected or erroneously detected."
"A tape servo system includes tape having bands of tracks including at least
     one data band having a plurality of data tracks of track pitch P and a
     servo band dedicated for servo information. The servo band includes two or
     more noncontiguous servo tracks with each pair of adjacent servo tracks of
     the two or more noncontiguous servo tracks having a center to center
     separation equal to M * P, wherein M for each pair of adjacent servo
     tracks may be any integer .gtoreq.2. The system may further include a head
     assembly having a single magnetoresistive read element tapped to provide
     at least (K+1) tapped servo read elements for use in reading servo
     information written to the servo band; wherein K is equal to the integer M
     for the pair of adjacent servo tracks having the greatest center to center
     separation and a repositioning assembly for repositioning the head
     assembly as a function of the servo information. Further, the center to
     center separation between pairs of adjacent servo tracks of the two or
     more noncontiguous servo tracks may be different for at least two pairs of
     adjacent servo tracks. A servo tracking data recording tape with two or
     more noncontiguous servo tracks having center to center separation between
     pairs of adjacent servo tracks being different for at least two pairs of
     adjacent servo tracks is also provided along with a method for servo track
     identification for use therewith. Further, track read/write head
     assemblies wherein the servo read and write elements are along the same
     gap lines as the data read and write assemblies, respectively, are
     provided."
"A digital magnetic reproducing apparatus comprises a reproducing head to
     reproduce data from a magnetic recording medium; an equalizer for shaping,
     by a partial response method, the waveform of the reproduced signal
     outputted from the reproducing head; and a decoder for decoding, by a
     maximum likelihood decoding method, the equalized reproduced signal
     obtained from the equalizer. The reproducing head employed in this
     apparatus is an MR (magnetoresistance effect) head which is capable of
     reducing the second harmonic distortion of the reproduced signal to be -25
     dB or lower. Therefore the deterioration of the bit error rate that may
     result from the nonlinear distortion of the MR head can be further lowered
     within a sufficiently suppressed range in practical use."
"In a magnetoresistance effect element, a pinning layer (antiferromagnetic
     layer) has a composition of Ru--Mn or Ru--M--Mn where M represents at
     least one selected from Rh, Pt, Pd, Au, Ag, and Re, and impurity
     concentrations of the pinning layer are regulated. Accordingly, there can
     be provided the magnetoresistance effect element having a magnetic
     multilayered film which is excellent in corrosion resistance, thermal
     stability and magnetic field sensitivity and has a large MR change ratio,
     as well as a magnetoresistance device, such as a magnetoresistance effect
     type head or the like, using such a magnetoresistance effect element."
"A magnetic recording medium having sufficiently low noise and high coercive
     force suitable for use with a MR head. The magnetic recording medium
     comprises a non-magnetic substrate 1, a non-magnetic underlayer 2, a
     magnetic layer 3 and a protective layer 4. The magnetic layer comprises a
     Co alloy and the non-magnetic underlayer comprises a first underlayer 21
     comprising an Al--Co--Ni alloy and a second underlayer 22 comprising Cr or
     a Cr alloy laminated on the first underlayer."
"An angular transmission using magnetorheological fluid (MR fluid) to
     transmit movement between two (2) shafts not aligned on the same axis to
     each other to provide an infinite variable ratio instead of the fixed
 ratios present in known prior art gear driven angular transmissions by
     controlling the magnetic field applied to the magnetorheological fluid (MR
     fluid) through the use of one (1) or more electric coil(s) generating a
     magnetic field. In particular, the angular transmission using
     magnetorheological fluid (MR fluid) in accordance with a preferred
     embodiment of the present invention includes a pair of conical shaped
     hollow heads, one connected to an input shaft and one connected to an
     output shaft, the input shaft, the output shaft and the conical shaped
     hollow heads being assembled inside of a housing where the input shaft and
     the output shaft are mounted at an angle to each other (i.e., are not
     axially aligned), the space or gap between the two (2) conical shaped
     hollow heads being filled with magnetorheological fluid (MR fluid). At
     least one (1) electric coil and, more preferably, a pair, or a multitude,
     of electric coils are installed inside the two (2) hollow heads.
The magnetorheological fluid (MR fluid), when exposed to a magnetic field,
     changes its viscosity to provide for increased shear stress resistance of
     the magnetorheological fluid (MR fluid). This increase in viscosity
     provides for the motion transmission between each of the conical shaped
     hollow heads and consequently to each of the input shaft and the output
     shaft in a rate, or ratio, proportional to the magnetic field generated by
     the electric coil(s). The shape of the electric coil(s) could be of a
     multitude of possible designs to produce a magnetic field having desired
     characteristics. Control of the electric coil(s) is provided by an
     electronic controller which interfaces with a multitude of sensors which
     provide sensorial information from various operation monitoring systems."
"Described here, is a method for obtaining high-resolution snap-shot images
     of moving objects in MR imaging applications through the elimination of
     ghosting and other image artifacts by estimating motion frequency data,
     estimating amplitude data for the motion frequency data, interpolating the
     motion frequency data and the amplitude data to generate snap-shot data
     frames, and generating snapshot images of each data frame."
"Magnetic noise cancellation in a single-ended MR preamplifier front end is
     achieved by forming a balanced ground return path in a flex circuit
     connecting an MR head to the front end of the preamplifier. The balanced
     ground return path introduces a noise current in the opposite direction of
     the original noise current as viewed at the signal input pins of the
     preamplifier chip. In this manner common mode rejection of the radiated
     noise component is restored in the single-ended MR preamplifier circuit
     arrangement."
"A magnetoresistive sensor for use as the read sensor in magnetic recording
     disk drives uses a permalloy (approximate composition of
     Ni.sub.81,Fe.sub.19) sensor layer with a magnetoresistance coefficient
     significantly greater than prior art permalloy sensor layers for a range
     of permalloy film thicknesses. The permalloy film is deposited on a
     substrate, such as alumina, that is essentially non-reactive with
     permalloy at elevated temperatures while the substrate is heated. The
     permalloy films have a zero or slightly negative magnetostriction, low
     easy and hard axis coercivities, and a low anisotropy field. At very small
     film thicknesses the permalloy films formed with substrate heating exhibit
     an even greater percentage increase in magnetoresistance coefficient than
     at higher film thicknesses, thereby allowing the films to function in
     magnetic recording disk drive heads for use at very high linear recording
     densities. The precise composition of the Ni--Fe alloy forming the sensor
     layer can be varied slightly, depending on the film thickness, to provide
     a sensor layer with essentially zero or slightly negative
     magnetostriction."
"In a thin film magnetic head including a substrate, a lower shield layer
     formed on the substrate, a first non-magnetic layer formed on the lower
     shield layer, a common magnetic pole formed on the first non-magnetic
     layer to be operable as both an upper shield layer and a lower magnetic
     pole, a second non-magnetic layer formed on the common magnetic pole, a
     conductive coil which is formed on the second non-magnetic layer through a
     first-insulation layer and which is overlaid by a second insulation layer,
     and an upper magnetic pole formed on the second insulation layer, a front
     end of the upper magnetic pole is directly kept in contact with the first
     non-magnetic layer while a rear end of the upper magnetic pole is directly
     kept in contact with the common magnetic pole. An element of
     magnetoresistance effect is provided in a front end of the first
     non-magnetic layer. An area (e.g., width); and of the common magnetic pole
     is not larger than an area (e.g., width) of the upper magnetic pole."
"A magnetoresistive head comprising a magnetoresistive film having electric
     resistance varying with a magnetic field, a pair of electrodes for causing
     a current to flow into the magnetoresistive film, and a soft magnetic film
     for applying a transverse biasing field to the magnetoresistive film, the
     soft magnetic film containing at least one material of iron, cobalt, and
     nickel, and at least one compound of zirconium oxide, aluminum oxide,
     hafnium oxide, titanium oxide, beryllium oxide, magnesium oxide, a rare
     earth oxygen compound, zirconium nitride, hafnium nitride, aluminum
     nitride, titanium nitride, beryllium nitride, magnesium nitride, silicon
     nitride, and a rare earth nitrogen compound. The electric resistance of
     the soft magnetic film is raised by adding a compound thereto and current
     diverted from the magnetoresistive film to the soft magnetic film
     decreases, so that the reproducing voltage of the magnetoresistive head
     rises."
"A magnetoresistance effect element is provided with a laminated film which
     is composed of a first ferromagnetic conductive layer, a non-magnetic
     conductive layer superposed on the first ferromagnetic film, and a second
     ferromagnetic conductive layer superposed on the non-magnetic conductor
     layer, and which is provided with a pair of electrodes formed on the
     laminated film, wherein at least one of the first and second magnetic
     conductive layers comprises at least a first ferromagnetic layer and a
     second ferromagnetic film, for example, Co alloy films whose directions of
     axis of easy magnetization are different from each other. Furthermore,
     this element is a magnetoresistance effect element provided with a spin
     valve film having a non-magnetic layer disposed between a first magnetic
     layer composed of a laminated film of such a ferromagnetic film as a Co
     based magnetic alloy and a soft magnetic layer, and a second magnetic
     layer, wherein the soft magnetic layer is composed of a soft magnetic
     material laminated film of a soft magnetic material film of one kind or
     soft magnetic material films of two or more kinds, and values of their
     magnetization M.sub.s (T), film thickness d(nm), and anisotropic magnetic
     field H.sub.k (Oe) satisfy .SIGMA.(M.sub.s .times.d.times.H.sub.k)&gt;30(Tnm
     Oe)."
"A magnetic recording/reproducing device comprises a recording head for
     magnetically recording a signal on a magnetic recording medium along a
     predetermined track, and a reproducing head member including a spin valve
     typed magnetoresistive element and bias magnetic applying means,
     associated with the spin valve typed magnetoresistive element, for
     applying a bias magnetic field to the spin valve typed magnetoresistive
     element, the reproducing head member for changing a sensitivity
     distribution in a track width direction based on a distance between the
     reproducing head and the recording head, and an angle difference between
     the direction of the reproducing head and the extending direction of the
     track."
"An apparatus and method for reading an information signal from a magnetic
     storage medium using a magnetoresistive (MR) head, and separating a
     thermal signal component and, if present, a magnetic signal component from
     the information signal. A signal separation/restoration module eliminates
     distortion in the magnetic signal component of a readback signal induced
     by a thermal signal component of the readback signal. A finite impulse
     response (FIR) filter may be employed in the signal separation/restoration
     module to eliminate the distortion in the magnetic signal. The signal
     separation/restoration module may be employed to extract the thermal
     signal component from the readback signal. In one configuration, an MR
     head is coupled to an arm electronics (AE) module, having a highpass
     filtering behavior, and a signal separation/restoration module that
     includes an inverse filter having a transfer function inverse to that of
     the effective highpass filter of the AE module. The inverse filter may be
     an infinite impulse response (IIR) filter. In another embodiment, the
     magnetic and thermal signal components of a readback signal are
     respectively extracted and processed so as to linearly correspond to
     head-to-disk spacing. Head-to-disk spacing change using the thermal signal
     is used to detect disk surface defects, topographic variations, and servo
     control surface variations."
"A magnetic head of storage/read separation type in which both a reproducing
     head of magnetoresistive type and a write head of magnetic induction type
     are formed through a magnetic shield. The magnetic head includes a
     ferromagnetic material and an antiferromagnetic material in intimate
     contact with said ferromagnetic material. At least a part of the
     antiferromagnetic material acts to bring about unidirectional anisotropy
     in the ferromagnetic material, and is made of Cr--Mn-based alloy, and at
     least a part of the ferromagnetic material in intimate contact with the
     antiferromagnetic material is made of Co or Co-based alloy."
"A MR head employs a biasing soft magnetic film of a FeXN-based alloy which
     undergoes no change in the direction of its axis of easy magnetization
     even when subject to heat treatment. The MR head has an anisotropic
     magnetic field size of 10 Oe or greater, and electrical resistance p of 70
     .mu..OMEGA.cm or greater, and a saturation flux density Bs of 1 T or
     greater. The direction of the axis of easy magnetization of the biasing
     soft magnetic film is oriented perpendicular to the direction of sense
     current, and the direction of the axis of easy magnetization of the MR
     film is oriented parallel to the sense current direction."
"The present invention is a method and apparatus for positioning a
     magnetoresistive (MR) head relative to a storage medium in a storage
     device. The storage medium is mounted in the storage device to allow
     relative movement between the MR head and the storage medium. The storage
     medium includes servo information provided to induce a thermal response in
     the MR head. A controller controls the relative movement between the MR
     head and the storage medium using the thermal response induced in the MR
     head."
"A thin film magnetic head includes an upper shield section, a lower shield
     section and a magnetoresistance device section between the upper shield
     section and the lower shield section. The magnetoresistance device section
     is connected to the upper shield section and the lower shield section
     through conductive layers. Current flows through the magnetoresistance
     device section via the upper shield and the lower shield."
"One or more flexible magnetic Resonance (MR) receive coils are constructed
     of a flexible material and connected to a flexible base to produce a
     module. Each module has the coils overlapping by a predetermined amount to
     minimize coupling between the coils. The modules may be connected by
     attachment means placed at predefined locations to cause overlap of
     adjacent coils such that the coupling is minimized. Balanced-unbalanced
     (""baluns"") may be used to couple each receive coil to its lead cable
     connecting it to the MR imaging electronics. The baluns effectively
     isolate the coils from the cables and each other to optimize
     signal-to-noise ratio of the received signal."
"A magnetoresistive transducer showing a giant magnetoresistance effect has
     a multi-layer structure including first and second ferromagnetic layers
     separated by a non-magnetic layer. The second ferromagnetic layer has a
     magnetization pinned in a direction perpendicular to a direction of a
     signal magnetic field. An anti-ferromagnetic layer adjacent to the second
     ferromagnetic layer pins magnetization of the second ferromagnetic layer
     in a direction perpendicular to a direction of a signal magnetic field so
     that magnetizations of the first and second ferromagnetic layers have
     components perpendicular to the signal magnetic field and those components
     are anti-parallel to each other."
"A rotational position sensor assembly (10) includes a wheel (20) having a
     ferromagnetic hub portion (22) and a resistor support member (24) on which
     an array of magneto resistor elements (28) are mounted. Surrounding the
     wheel (20) and rotatable relative to it is a magnetic return element (12)
     on which are mounted permanent magnets (18). The magnetic field created is
     tangential to the particular MR element(s) (28) aligned with this field,
     causing a change in resistance that indicates the relative rotational
     position of the magnetic return element (12) relative to the wheel (20)."
"A magnetoresistive effect film is formed by laminating a plurality of
     magnetic thin films onto a substrate with an intervening non-magnetic thin
     film, an antiferromagnetic thin film being provided so as to neighbor to
     one of the ferromagnetic thin film via this intervening non-magnetic thin
     film. With the bias magnetic field applied to the antiferromagnetic thin
     film being Hr and the coercivity of the other ferromagnetic thin film
     being Hc.sub.2, the condition Hc.sub.2 &lt;Hr is satisfied. The
     antiferromagnetic thin film is made of either a cobalt oxide, a nickel
     oxide, or an a-phase ion oxide, or of an alloy of two or more of these
     materials, this being formed as a two-layer film."
"A lapping control sensor for a MR head includes a multi-layered structure
     of a metallic layer, an insulation layer, a resister layer and a lead
     conductor layer, and being provided in parallel with the MR head which has
     a multi-layered structure of at least a lower shield layer, a shield gap
     insulation layer, a MR layer and a lead conductor layer is provided. The
     insulation layer of the lapping control sensor has a thickness larger than
     that of the shield gap insulation layer of the MR head. The thickness of
     the insulation layer of the sensor is 0.1 .mu.m or more."
"A sensor of Giant magneto-resistive (GMR) type is attached to a seat belt
     anchor bracket. A seat belt passes through an opening in the bracket and
     is doubled back and sewn to form a loop. A magnet positioned on a sliding
     carriage is biased away from the sensor by springs. A seat belt loops
     around the carriage, and when tension is applied to the belt, the carriage
     with the magnet is drawn against the springs toward the GMR sensor. The
     GMR sensor measures the magnetic field present at the sensor and a
     microprocessor determines belt tension based on the known spring constants
     and the strength of measured magnetic field which is correlated with
     displacement of the magnet."
"A magneto-resistive read head having a ""parasitic shield"" provides an
     alternative path for currents associated with sparkovers, thus preventing
     such currents from damaging the read head. The parasitic shield is
     provided in close proximity to a conventional magnetic shield. The
     electrical potential of parasitic shield is held essentially equal to the
     electrical potential of the sensor element. If charges accumulate on the
     conventional shield, current will flow to the parasitic shield at a lower
     potential than would be required for current to flow between the
     conventional shield and the sensor element. Alternatively, conductive
     spark gap devices are electrically coupled to sensor element leads and to
     each magnetic shield. Each spark gap device is brought within very close
     proximity of the substrate to provide an alternative path for charge that
     builds up between the sensor element and the substrate to be discharged.
     The ends of the spark gaps that are brought into close proximity of the
     substrate are preferably configured with high electric field density
     inducing structures which reduce the voltage required to cause a sparkover
     between the spark gap device and the substrate."
"A technique for method for positioning a magneto resistive head located
     upon an actuator arm onto a loading ramp of a storage unit. The technique
     includes the steps of operating a removable magnetic disk at a first
     number of revolutions per second, the magnetic disk having an outer
     diameter, positioning the magneto resistive head adjacent to the removable
     magnetic disk, reading data from the removable magnetic disk, detecting a
     reset signal, producing a back electro-motive force in response to the
     reset signal, biasing the magneto resistive head towards the outer
     diameter of the removable magnetic disk in response to the reset signal
     and to the back electro-motive force, reducing a number of revolutions per
     second for the removable magnetic disk from the first number to a second
     number of revolutions per second, the first number greater than the second
     number; thereafter using an energy storage unit to bias the magneto
     resistive head onto the loading ramp, in response to the reset signal."
"A method of testing a magnetic head with a spin-valve MR element having a
     pinned direction, includes a step of reproducing magnetic information
     recorded on a magnetic medium by the spin-valve MR element of the magnetic
     head to be tested to generate a reproduced signal, the information being
     recorded on the magnetic medium by using a rectangular wave current with a
     predetermined pattern, and a step of judging whether the pinned direction
     of the spin-valve MR element is correct in accordance with a relationship
     between wave shape of the reproduced signal and the predetermined pattern."
"A seat belt buckle and latch indicating system employs a seat belt buckle
     with a Giant Magnetoresistive (GMR) sensor spaced from a magnet above a
     gap through which a ferromagnetic latch protrudes. The latch may reside at
     three distinct positions: unlatched, latched, and latched without the
     presence of a hasp. The latch functions as a magnetic field concentrator
     with the result that the sensed magnetic field is dependent on latch
     position. The GMR sensor provides a signal indicating the sensor is
     working at all times, and provides specific information based on physical
     positioning of the critical components of the belt and which indicates
     that the buckle is mated to the seat belt hasp."
"A thin film magnetic head includes a shield-type magnetoresistance effect
     (MR) head section. The shield-type magnetoresistance effect (MR) head
     section includes: a MR device section within a shield gap, the MR device
     section exhibiting a giant magnetoresistance effect; and a lead disposed
     in such a manner that an electric current flows in a direction
     perpendicular to a film surface of the MR device section. The MR device
     section includes first and second magnetic films with a non-magnetic
     insulating film interposed therebetween. The first magnetic film exhibits
     soft magnetic properties and is disposed at a first distance from a face
     of the thin film magnetic head opposing a magnetic recording medium. The
     second magnetic film is disposed at a second distance from the face of the
     thin film magnetic head opposing the magnetic recording medium such that
     the second distance is greater than the first distance."
"A thin film read-write magnetic head useful in a tape apparatus includes a
     magnetic circuit consisting of two thin film magnetic layers which form a
     magnetic yoke that is divided into three closely spaced sections, the
     central section of at least one of the magnetic layers containing an
     interspace in which a flux sensing element, such as a magnetoresistive
     device or Hall effect device, is located. The three section yoke forms a
     continuous magnetic circuit, except for the transducing gap, which circuit
     consists of three sections corresponding to the three sections of the
     yoke. The total gap width determines the width of the data track being
     recorded. During the write mode, a magnetic valve including an electrical
     conductor provides a shunt path to bypass the flux sensing means so that
     all three sections of the head operate for recording. During the read
     mode, only the central yoke section and its transducing gap portion sense
     the data signal recorded on the magnetic tape, and the read element
     detects the sensed signal. A saturation current is directed to the valve
     conductor during the read mode so that the shunt path is open, thereby
     allowing the flux sensing means to operate and sense the readout signal."
"A system and a method are provided for making magnetic recording servo
     tracks with inherent dropout robustness and with encoded track set
     information, longitudinal position information and other information
     recorded during tape or disk manufacture. A tape is provided having at
     least two servo tracks of opposite polarity recordings separated by a
     transition region. Servo data signals are produced for recording on the at
     least two tracks of the tape during a single pass during manufacture of
     the tape. The servo data signals are derived from MR elements that
     determine the polarity of the servo data signals."
"When a combination head is on-tracked to an arbitrary cylinder position, a
     head position controller corrects a head position so as to eliminate an
     offset amount derived from an offset table. A bias current setting circuit
     obtains a current set value corresponding to an offset correction amount
     from a bias current table and supplies the bias current according to the
     current set value to an MR head. As kinds of offsets, there are a yaw
     angle offset, a thermal offset, and a core deviation offset."
"A magnetoresistance effect element, a head of the magnetoresistance effect
     type and a memory element in each of which a larger MR change can be
     acquired in a smaller magnetic field, and a method of producing the
     magnetoresistance effect element. In a magnetoresistance effect element,
     the basic structure comprises a lamination body of a magnetic layer/a
     nonmagnetic insulating layer/a magnetic layer, and a nonmagnetic
     insulating layer has, at an exposed part thereof, a conductive portion
     sufficiently smaller than the contact portion of the nonmagnetic
     insulating layer with respect to the magnetic layers, the conductive
     portion electrically connecting the magnetic layer to each other.
     Electrode lead portions are disposed at the upper and lower magnetic
     layers. In the lamination body, there may be formed, in the nonmagnetic
     insulating layer, a column-like conductive portion which is sufficiently
     smaller than the contact portion of the nonmagnetic insulating layer with
     respect to the magnetic layers. The nonmagnetic insulting layer may be
     formed of an oxide or nitride of a conductive material, and the conductive
     portion may be lower in oxide concentration or nitride concentration than
     the nonmagnetic insulating layer. Further, the basic structure may include
     a lamination body consisting of a conductive magnetization-reversal
     restraining layer/a magnetic layer/a nonmagnetic insulating layer/a
     magnetic layer in which the conductive magnetization-reversal restraining
     layer is formed on the surface of one of the magnetic layers for
     restraining the one magnetic layer from being reversed in magnetization
     direction."
"A combination type thin film magnetic head including an inductive type
     writing thin film magnetic head and a magnetoresistive type reading thin
     film magnetic head successively stacked on a substrate is manufactured in
     the following manner. A metal or metal compound layer 14 serving as a mask
     for forming recessed portions 15 in a wafer surface is formed on the wafer
     surface, and at the same time electrode patterns P each including a
     plurality of electrode elements 31a-31f are formed from the same metal or
     metal compound material such that distances from a reference position of
     throat height zero to inner edges of respective electrode elements differ
     from each other. In the wafer surface, there are formed recessed portions
     15 by the reactive ion etching while the metal or metal compound layer is
     used as a mask. After forming combination type thin film magnetic head
     units including inductive type thin film magnetic heads and
     magnetoresistive type thin film magnetic heads, the wager 11 is divided
     into bars B, in each of which the electrode patters P are formed at or
     near respective ends. A side surface 35 of the bar B is polished while
     conduction/cut-off condition of the electrode elements 31a-31f are
     monitored by a measuring circuit 36. The polishing is stopped when a
     predetermined electrode element 31c is opened. In this manner, the throat
     height and apex angle of the writing thin film magnetic head and the MR
     height of the reading thin film magnetic head can be formed accurately."
"A magneto-resistive (MR) head having a read element including two magnetic
     shield films, two magnetic gap films which separate the two magnetic
     shield films and which are held between the two magnetic shield films, and
     an MR element held between the two magnetic gap films, with the two
     magnetic gap films having a stress value of up to 200 MPa."
"A head assembly including a suspension, a head slider mounted on a front
     end portion of the suspension and having a magnetoresistive element, and a
     pair of lead lines formed on the suspension and having first ends
     connected to the magnetoresistive element. The head assembly further
     includes a metal ball connected by bonding to the pair of lead lines. In
     handling the head assembly as a separate member, a current caused by
     static electricity flows through the metal ball short-circuiting the pair
     of lead lines, thereby preventing burning of the magnetoresistive element
     due to the current. After mounting the head assembly to an actuator arm,
     the metal ball is removed to electrically open the pair of lead lines."
"The device comprises a Wheatstone bridge with at least four
     magnetoresistive elements (1a, 1b, 1c, 1d) on a substrate (15), each
     magnetoresistive element comprising at least one sensitive portion (13)
     comprising successively a first ferromagnetic layer (19) having a magnetic
     easy axis (27) extending in a first direction, a non-magnetic layer (21)
     and a second ferromagnetic layer (23) having a magnetic easy axis (29)
     extending in a second direction that is different from the first
     direction. The sensitive portions (13) have mutually parallel sensitive
     directions that are parallel to a third direction (X). Each
     magnetoresistive element (1a, 1b, 1c, 1d) is associated with a current
     conductor (35a, 35b, 35c, 35d) provided in the immediate vicinity of that
     magnetoresistive element. The first direction (27) is canted through an
     acute angle with respect to the third direction (X), and the second
     direction (29) is canted in the opposite sense through an acute angle with
     respect to the third direction. Each one of the current conductors (35a,
     35b, 35c, 35d) extends over at least a portion of its length in a fourth
     direction (Y) perpendicular to the third direction (X)."
"A magnetoresistive component and transducer for use therewith. The
     magnetoresistive component has a multilayer-type magnetoresistive strip
     bent in accordance with a repeated geometrical pattern (7a,7b). The
     pattern has at least one series of substantially parallel sections (7a,7b)
     for reducing the demagnetizing fields. The magnetoresistive strip (2) is
     formed from a stack (13) of magnetic metallic material layers (14)
     separated by non-magnetic metallic material layers (15). The
     magnetoresistive component is applicable to a transducer for reading
     information recorded in magnetic form or for detecting weak magnetic
     fields."
"Disclosed are spin valve magnetoresistive heads, air bearing sliders and
     magnetic storage systems employing spin valve magnetoresistive heads, and
     methods for fabricating spin valve magnetoresistive heads and air bearing
     sliders employing spin valve magnetoresistive heads. The spin valve
     magnetoresistive head in accordance with the present invention employs two
     antiferromagnetic films, one exchange-coupling to the reference layer in a
     first direction in the read region and the other exchange-coupling to the
     ferromagnetic film in a second direction substantially perpendicular to
     the first direction in the end regions. The exchange-coupled reference
     layer and the first antiferromagnetic film exhibit a blocking temperature
     equal to or greater than 300.degree. C. The exchange-coupled
     ferromagnetic/second antiferromagnetic films exhibit a blocking
     temperature equal to or greater than 200.degree. C. The two high blocking
     temperatures ensure thermal stabilty during sensor operation."
"A magnetoresistance effect element according to the present invention
     comprises magnetic multilayer film having a non-magnetic metal layer, a
     ferromagnetic layer formed on one surface of the non-magnetic metal layer,
     a soft magnetic layer formed on the other surface of the non-magnetic
     metal layer, and a pinning layer which is formed on the ferromagnetic
     layer to pin a direction of magnetization of the ferromagnetic layer,
     wherein the ferromagnetic layer and the pinning layer are coupled to each
     other with epitaxial growth.
Accordingly, the magnetoresistance device using the magnetoresistance
     effect element as described above exhibits an extremely large MR ratio and
     a linear rise-up characteristic of MR change in an extremely small range
     of applied magnetic field of about -10 to 10 Oe, and has high sensitivity
     to magnetic field, a large MR slope under a high-frequency magnetic field
     and an excellent heat resistance."
"The present invention provides a method of producing a magnetoresistive
     element in which a laminate including a free ferromagnetic layer in which
     at least magnetization is freely rotated according to an external magnetic
     field, a non-magnetic layer, and a pinned ferromagnetic layer in which
     reversal of magnetization is pinned is formed, and is heat-treated for
     setting different directions of the easy axis of magnetization of the free
     ferromagnetic layer and the pinned ferromagnetic layer under different
     conditions. In the heat treatment, first annealing is performed at the
     predetermined temperature in a magnetic field applied in a first
     direction, and second annealing is performed in a magnetic field applied
     in a second direction substantially perpendicular to the first direction
     so that the easy axis of magnetization of the free ferromagnetic layer is
     substantially perpendicular to that of the pinned ferromagnetic layer."
"The present invention relates to a method of fabricating a magnetoresistive
     head formed by laminating a magnetic layer and a nonmagnetic metal layer
     including a silver film and used for converting change in magnetic field
     into change of resistivity of the device. A method of fabricating a
     magnetoresistive head upon laminating on a substrate a plurality of
     magnetic layers arranged to put nonmagnetic metal layer therebetween and a
     bias magnetic layer formed adjacent to one of the magnetic layers to give
     a magnetization of the specified direction to the magnetic layer,
     comprising the steps of setting film thicknesses of the nonmagnetic metal
     layers to be formed, and forming the nonmagnetic metal layers under a
     condition where temperature of the substrate is held within a temperature
     range less than an upper limit of a film forming temperature not to cause
     pin holes in the nonmagnetic metal layer."
"In a magnetic disk drive for driving a magnetic disk inserted thereinto, a
     position detection unit comprises a scale and a photointerrupter. The
     scale is mounted on a carriage at a side opposed to a main surface of a
     main frame. The scale has a plurality of slits which are equally spaced
     along the scale in a direction parallel to a predetermined radial
     direction. The photointerrupter is mounted on the main frame. The
     photointerrupter comprises a light-emitting section and a light-receiving
     section which are opposed to each other with the scale arranged
     therebetween. The position detection unit may comprise a magnetic scale
     and a magnetic sensor. The magnetic scale has a plurality of magnetic
     poles which extend to a in a direction parallel to with the predetermined
     radial direction and which are periodically reversed at regular intervals.
     The magnetic sensor is opposed to the magnetic scale. Preferably, the
     magnetic sensor may comprise of a magneto-resistive element."
"When a reproduced signal is outputted from the MR head to the envelope
     detector, the positive envelope joining positive peaks and the negative
     envelope joining negative peaks are outputted from the envelope detector
     to the asymmetry detector. An asymmetry value or fluctuation value of the
     reproduced signal waveform can be found through comparison of the positive
     envelope and negative envelope and calculation at the asymmetry detector.
     If these values do not fall within a desired or permissible range, a high
     degree of asymmetry is indicated in the reproduced signal waveform, and
     the sense current controller accordingly alters the sense current value.
     This operation is continued until the envelope of the reproduced signal
     waveform resulting from the new sense current falls within the desired or
     permissible range."
"A tape-type magnetic recording medium including a non-magnetic support
     member; and a magnetic layer formed on the non-magnetic support member,
     wherein relationship Br.delta..ltoreq.Bst/2 is satisfied when an
     assumption is made that the residual magnetic flux density of the
     tape-type magnetic recording medium is Br, the thickness of the magnetic
     layer is .delta., the saturated magnetic flux density of a
     magnetoresistance effect device for use in a shield-type magnetoresistance
     effect magnetic head serving as a reproducing head is Bs and the thickness
     of the same is t, and coercive force Hc of the tape-type magnetic
     recording medium satisfies Hc.gtoreq.1500 (Oe)."
"A controllable secondary suspension system (20) for vehicle cabs (18) and
     the like which flexibly suspends and controls movement of the vehicle's
     cab (22) relative to the vehicle's frame (24). The system (20) includes at
     least one flexible support (26), which are preferably two spaced apart air
     springs flexibly suspending the cab (22) relative to the frame (24), at
     least one controllable fluid damper, and preferably two spaced-apart
     controllable fluid dampers, such as Magnetorheological (MR) fluid dampers
     (28, 28'), interconnected between the cab (22) and the frame (24). In one
     aspect, the system (20) may include at least one sensor, such as a
     relative position sensor (30), for providing relative vibration
     information between the cab (22) and the frame (24), and a controller (36)
     for processing the relative vibration information to determine current to
     be supplied to the controllable fluid damper (28) to control the degree of
     damping thereof. Signals from additional sensors, such as a speed sensor
     (32), steering angle sensor (34), brake sensor (46), throttle position
     sensor (48), and vertical and lateral acceleration sensors (40, 44) may be
     used to enhance control. Roll, pitch, lurch and ride may be simultaneously
     or independently controlled."
"An electronic compass has a compass housing. An electronic magnetic field
     sensor is disposed in a fixed position relative to the compass housing. A
     magnet is rotatably mounted relative to the magnetic field sensor and
     independently aligned with a terrestrial magnetic field. The magnet has a
     magnetic field with a magnetic field direction and the electronic magnetic
     field sensor is located within a range of influence of the magnetic field.
     The electronic magnetic field sensor has a first magnetoresistor with a
     first fixed reference axis and an electric resistance of the first
     magnetoresistor is a function of a first angle of rotation between the
     fixed first reference axis and the direction of the magnetic field. The
     electronic magnetic field sensor defines a first differential bridge
     circuit and the first magnetoresistor is disposed in the first
     differential bridge circuit which during operation of the compass,
     supplies an output voltage dependent on the first angle of rotation. The
     first differential bridge circuit has a second magnetoresistor, and
     magnetizations of the first magnetoresistor and the second magnetoresistor
     are rotated relative to one another."
"A method is provided for correcting for effects of translational motion or
     movement of an object in MR imaging. In accordance with the method, an MR
     point source is joined to the object for translational movement in unison
     therewith, the point source being maintained in selectively spaced-apart
     relationship with the object. The method further comprises acquiring a set
     of k-space data representing images of the object and point source
     collectively, and deriving a function representing the square of the
     magnitude of the k-space data set. An inverse Fourier transform operation
     is applied to the derived function to generate a correlation function with
     a number of correlation components, a specified one of the correlation
     components comprising the cross-correlation of the object and the point
     source. All of the correlation components are then discarded, except for
     the specified correlation component, which provides an adjusted MR image
     representing the object from which effects of the translational motion
     have been substantially eliminated."
"A method makes an inverted merged MR head with a second pole tip layer
     which is self-aligned with a top first pole tip layer. After forming a
     bottom first pole tip layer, which is relatively thin and relatively wide,
     a top first pole tip layer is formed thereon with a width that defines the
     track width of the merged MR head. A second pole tip forming layer is
     formed on the top first pole tip layer and layers adjacent both sides of
     the top first pole tip layer. The forming layer and the top first pole tip
     layer are lapped so that their top surfaces are flush with one another.
     Ion milling is then implemented to mill the top first pole tip layer at a
     faster rate than the forming layer causing a recess that is defined by a
     top surface of the top first pole tip layer and inclined surfaces of the
     forming layer immediately adjacent thereto. After formation of a write gap
     layer in the recess a second pole tip layer is formed in a recess
     replicated by the write gap layer causing a bottom base portion of the
     second pole tip layer to be substantially the same width as the track
     width and aligned with the top first pole tip layer so that flux can be
     transferred between the pole tips more narrowly confined within the track
     width."
"In a magnetic recording drive having a plurality of magnetic heads each
     employing a magnetoresistive sensor for the purpose of averaging the time
     required for sense currents to be caused to flow through the respective
     magnetoresistive sensors to shorten the longest reproducing time and to
     suppress the degradation of the characteristics due to the
     electromigration, thereby improving the reliability of the magnetic
     recording drive, the magnetic recording drive includes circuits for
     averaging the useful life depending on the currents caused to flow through
     the respective magnetoresistive sensors among the plurality of magnetic
     heads, whereby the time required for the sense current to be caused to
     flow through one MR reproducing head is greatly shortened. Therefore, the
     levels of outputs of the MR reproducing heads can be increased without
     reduction of the reliability and thus the reliability of the magnetic
     recording drive can be improved."
"Apparatus, and an associated method, protects against damage to a
     magnetoresistive sensor of a disk drive assembly, or other magnetic
     storage device, responsive to a thermal asperity event. Detection is made
     of the resistance of the magnetoresistive sensor. If the resistance
     increases, indicative of a temperature increase occurring as a result of a
     thermal asperity event, a full-sense current, or current of other
     appropriate magnitude is applied to the sensor, thereby to prevent
     alteration by the magnetic field of portions of the magnetoresistive
     sensor."
"A magnetic field sensor having a magnetoresistance bridge. The sensor
     includes two longitudinally connected multilayer magnetoresistances and
     two transversely connected multilayer magnetoresistances. The two
     longitudinally connected magnetoresistances are sensitive to the magnetic
     field to be measured. The four magnetoresistances are connected to a
     wheatstone bridge."
"By employing controlled setting of a phase-encoding direction in MRI, for
     imaging a tissue or blood flow composed of spins whose time T.sub.2 is
     rather short or ranges from 100 to 200 milliseconds, signal levels induced
     by the blood flow or the like are raised in order to maintain a good
     signal-to-noise ratio. An image enjoying an excellent depiction ability
     can be produced without the loss of information of directivities of blood
     flows or tissues running in diverse directions. An MRI system utilizing
     the Fourier transform comprises an element for scanning the same region to
     be imaged of a subject a plurality of times while changing phase-encoding
     directions, and an element for producing image data of one frame on the
     basis of MR rawdata of a plurality of frames. The producing element
     includes, for example, a unit for reconstructing image data in the real
     space by processing frame by frame MR raw data of a plurality of frames,
     and a unit for synthesizing reconstructed image data of the plurality of
     frames so as to produce image data of one frame. Synthesis is, for
     example, addition or maximum intensity projection."
"A combined thin film magnetic head includes a magnetoresistive reproducing
     head part and an inductive recording head part. The magnetoresistive
     reproducing head part is defined between a lower shielding layer and a
     merged core layer. The inductive recording head part is defined between
     the merged core layer and an upper core layer and is configured to specify
     a track width for the recording head part by providing the upper core
     layer in a localized region W.sub.2. A method of fabricating the magnetic
     head includes steps of forming an etching-protective layer on a gap layer
     so as to provide an exposed region W.sub.1 left uncovered which is larger
     than the localized region W.sub.2 in which the upper core layer is to be
     finally confined, depositing the upper core layer over the entire surfaces
     thereof, and etching the upper core layer so as to finally confine the
     etched upper core layer in the localized region W.sub.2. In a preliminary
     process, the merged core layer is formed to have an elevated part at a
     location corresponding to the localized region, and an insulating layer is
     deposited around the elevated part of the merged core layer, before the
     gap layer is deposited entirely over the elevated part and the localized
     region."
"In one embodiment, a variably conductive shunt is provided for protecting a
     read/write sensor element, e.g., an MR read element, which has first and
     second terminals. A variably conductive member is electrically connected
     between the first and second terminals. The variably conductive member
     conducts charge when a potential sufficient to damage the element is
     applied across the first and second terminals thereby protecting the
     element from the charge."
"A method is provided to adjust a bias current flowing through a
     magneto-resistive effect type magnetic head. An examining current is
     supplied to the magneto-resistive effect type magnetic head, and a voltage
     applied to a pair of terminals of the magneto-resistive effect type
     magnetic head is measured. In addition, a resistance of the
     magneto-resistive effect type magnetic head is calculated according to the
     examining current and the voltage, and an allowable range of the bias
     current flowing through the magneto-resistive effect type magnetic head is
     determined according to a relationship between a life time of the
     magneto-resistive effect type magnetic head examined in advance and the
     resistance of the magneto-resistive effect type magnetic head. An optimum
     bias current is determined within the allowable range in condition that a
     slice level margin is maximized."
"A high-gain, high-bandwidth, low-noise differential
     common-emitter-common-base cascode preamplifier for use in the read
     circuitry of an MR head system includes a by-pass circuitry. Currents
     generated in load devices connected to the preamplifier are added to
     currents generated in the by-pass circuitry to provide the currents that
     flow through the common-emitter transistors of the preamplifier."
"A compact magnetic detection device with a high sensitivity. The device
     includes a single bias magnet producing a magnetic field to a gear having
     a magnetic substance, and a magnetoresistive effect element. The element
     is arranged so as to oppose the bias magnet and adjoin a pole face of the
     magnet on the gear's side. Further, the element is arranged in a plane
     substantially perpendicular to a moving direction of the gear, for
     producing resistance change caused by changes of magnetic field in
     response to the movement of the gear. Thus, the bias magnetic field
     existing in the moving direction of the gear is modulated to the direction
     facing the gear. Since a magnitude of modulation against the bias magnetic
     field amounts to a maximum in the vicinity of the pole face of the bias
     magnet on the gear's side, it is possible to realize the high sensitivity
     and furthermore, the magnetic detection device can be miniaturized by use
     of the single magnet."
"A magnetoresistive head comprising, a magnetic yoke defining a magnetic gap
     for guiding signal magnetic fields from a recording medium at the
     air-bearing surface, a giant magnetoresistive element magnetically coupled
     with the magnetic yoke at a position remote from the air-bearing surface,
     and means for supplying a sense current in a direction substantially
     perpendicular to the surface of the giant magnetoresistive element."
"The present invention provides a high quality magnetoresistance effect type
     magnetic head having an increased reproduction output and capable of
     applying a uniform bias magnetic field to a magnetoresistance effect layer
     without increasing an impedance. The magnetoresistance effect type
     magnetic head according to the present invention includes: a magnetic
     layer 11 magnetized approximately in a vertical direction to a plane 14
     opposing to a magnetic recording medium; a non-magnetic insulation layer
     12 formed on the magnetic layer 11; and a magnetoresistance effect layer
     13 formed on the non-magnetic insulation layer 12 and exhibiting the
     magnetoresistance effect. In the longitudinal type magnetoresistance
     effect type magnetic head according to the present, the detection current
     supplied to a magnetoresistance element is prevented from flowing into a
     hard magnetic film to lower the head reproduction output."
"The invention provides a magnetoresistance effects film including (a) at
     least two thin magnetic films deposited on a substrate, (b) at least one
     thin nonmagnetic film interposed between the thin magnetic films, and (c)
     a thin antiferromagnetic film disposed adjacent to one of the thin
     magnetic films between which the thin nonmagnetic film is interposed. A
     bias magnetic field of one of the thin magnetic films induced by the thin
     antiferromagnetic film has an intensity Hr greater than a coercivity
     H.sub.C2 of the other of the thin magnetic films which is remote from the
     thin antiferromagnetic film (Hr&gt;H.sub.C2). The thin antiferromagnetic film
     has a superlattice structure composed of at least two of NiO, Ni.sub.x
     Co.sub.1-x O(x=0.1-0.9) and CoO. A ratio of Ni relative to Co in the
     number of atoms in the superlattice structure is set equal to or greater
     than 1.0. The magnetoresistance effects film exhibits large linear change
     in resistance with the hysteresis being small even when a small external
     field is applied thereto."
"A dual chamber deposition system comprising two ion beam sputtering (IBS)
     deposition chambers connected by a wafer handler chamber for depositions
     of multilayer thin film structures with improved process throughput.
     Reactive ion beam sputtering depositions and metal layer depositions on a
     substrate may be carried out in separate IBS deposition chambers while
     maintaining vacuum conditions throughout the process. A process for ion
     beam sputter deposition of spin valve (SV) magnetoresistive sensor layers
     having an AFM layer formed of NiO where reactive sputtering deposition of
     the NiO is carried out in a separate IBS deposition chamber from the
     subsequent metal layer depositions improves system throughput while
     maintaining SV sensor performance."
"The invention is an apparatus and method for targeted drug delivery into a
     living patient using magnetic resonance (MR) imaging. The apparatus and
     method are useful in delivery to all types of living tissue and uses MR
     Imaging to track the location of drug delivery and estimating the rate of
     drug delivery. An MR-visible drug delivery device positioned at an target
     site (e.g., intracranial delivery) delivers a diagnostic or therapeutic
     drug solution into the tissue (e.g., the brain). The spatial distribution
     kinetics of the injected or infused drug agent are monitored
     quantitatively and non-invasively using water proton directional diffusion
     MR imaging to establish the efficacy of drug delivery at a targeted
     location."
"A contact start/stop architecture for disk drives overcomes problems
     introduced by low flying MR heads and textured landing zones. Takeoff
     velocity for heads vary from the textured landing zone to the data zone.
     Contact start/stop operations are controlled relative to a critical
     takeoff velocity between takeoff velocity in the data zone and takeoff
     velocity in the landing zone, which critical velocity is less than that
     required to achieve negligible contact between the head and disk surface
     while the head is within the landing zone, but greater than takeoff
     velocity within the data zone. An initial seek from the landing zone
     begins at critical takeoff velocity. The head drags along the disk surface
     in the landing zone, since it has not reached takeoff velocity within the
     landing zone, but will immediately be at fly height as soon as the head
     reaches the data zone, minimizing the total drag distance of the head in
     the landing zone. A similar control scheme is used during a contact stop
     operation with respect to the head's landing velocity, which is equal to
     takeoff velocity. During contact stop operations, the actuator arm
     retracts the head into the landing zone at critical takeoff velocity. The
     servo control for initial seek from the landing zone utilizes back EMF
     from the actuator voice coil motor without relying on servo information
     read by the MR head while the head is within the landing zone, since the
     MR head cannot accurately transduce magnetic transitions on rough
     surfaces."
"A circuit and method for detecting an abnormality in a recording head,
     wherein a voltage detection circuit detects a counter electromotive
     voltage generated across the two terminals of a recording head to which a
     recording current is supplied from a recording circuit; a processing
     circuit generates the maximum, minimum, and mean voltages from the counter
     electromotive voltage; a discrimination circuit using these voltages
     determines whether an abnormality occurs in the recording head. An output
     circuit outputs the result. With this operation, an abnormality in the
     recording head having two terminals in an MR head can be detected with a
     high precision."
"Disclosed is a merged head device which has: a slider main body with an air
     bearing surface to a magnetic medium; two magnetic shield films which are
     parallel disposed on a common plane with a predetermined interval and
     orthogonal to air flow on the downstream side of the air bearing surface
     of the slider main body; a magnetoresistive effect head which is disposed
     through a magnetic separating layer of an insulator between the two
     magnetic shield films; an inductive head which is composed of one magnetic
     pole film corresponding to one of the two magnetic shield films which is
     located downstream and the other magnetic pole film which is disposed
     through a magnetic gap on the other side of the one magnetic pole film
     where the magnetoresistive effect head does not exist, and recording is
     conducted by magnetic field which generates at the magnetic gap; and
     concave portions which are formed on both sides of the other magnetic pole
     film along the direction of the air flow on the air bearing surface of the
     slider main body so as to define a width of the other magnetic pole film;
     wherein the concave portions are filled with a non-magnetic material."
"A disk drive system has a servo pattern with bursts that are recorded
     without multiple passes per burst and without trimming, so that the servo
     pattern bursts have the same width as the data tracks. The servo write
     steps occur in partial data track pitch (DTP) increments. A
     magneto-resistive (M-R) head is used to both record the servo pattern and
     transduce it. In a two-frequency system, relative gain calibration is
     performed using AGC circuitry to first calibrate one frequency and then
     the other. The resulting servo position error sensing (PES) signal has
     improved linearity and is simpler to write."
"A low noise current source circuit is disclosed for biasing a
 magnetoresistive (MR) read head. The current source comprises a
     field-effect transistor (FET) cascoded to a second transistor which, in
     turn, is coupled to the MR element. A filter device including a capacitor
     is coupled across the gate-source junction of the FET, and a sensing
     device, such as a resistor, is coupled to the gate of the FET for
     detecting current flowing into said capacitor. Boost circuitry, coupled to
     the sensing device, boosts the charge/discharge rate of the filter
     capacitor when the voltage of the sensing device exceeds a certain
     threshold."
"A binding of a molecule with a molecular receptor at a binding site is
     sensed using a magnetoresistive member proximate to the binding site. A
     magnetic field associated with the molecule acts to modify an electrical
     characteristic of the magnetoresistive member when the molecule binds with
     the molecular receptor. The magnetic field is produced by a magnetic
     member, such as a magnetic bead, attached to the molecule. Preferably, the
     magnetoresistive member is integrated with a substrate which supports the
     binding site. A readout device, such as a thin-film transistor, can also
     be integrated on the substrate to provide a signal indicative of a binding
     event."
"A magnetoresistance effect type head comprises a magnetoresistance effect
     film having a pair of leads connected thereto and possessing a magnetic
     field responding part and a pair of upper and lower shield layers having a
     magnetoresistance effect film nipped therebetween through the medium of a
     magnetic gap-forming insulating film. This magnetoresistance effect type
     head satisfies the relations, W.sub.s &lt;W.sub.r and T.sub.r &lt;W.sub.r,
     wherein W.sub.s stands for the width of the surface of the upper shield
     layer facing the magnetoresistance effect film, W.sub.r for the distance
     between the pair of leads, and T.sub.r for the width of the magnetic field
     responding part of the magnetoresistance effect film. The magnetic field
     responding part of the magnetoresistance effect film is formed as of the
     remainder of the MR film region whose magnetic moment is fixed outside the
     end part of the upper shield layer facing the MA film. The magnetic field
     responding part is otherwise formed of a protruding part of the
     magnetoresistance effect film extended in the direction of the surface
     facing the medium. As a result, linear resolution suitable for a system
     having such high recording density as exceeds the order of Gb/inch.sup.2
     of planar recording density is obtained. Further, a narrow track suitable
     for a system of high recording density can be produced accurately."
"A memory device using giant magnetoresistance (GMR) effect, and an
     inexpensive memory device that has low power consumption, excels in memory
     performance, and is suitable for use in computer peripherals.
The memory device utilizes giant magnetoresistance effect and includes a
     substrate with an insulating surface; a monocrystalline semiconductor
     layer formed on the insulating surface of the substrate, a switching
     element formed at least on part of the monocrystalline semiconductor
     layer, a magnetoresistive film formed on the insulating surface of the
     substrate, the magnetoresistive film comprising a first magnetic layer and
     a second magnetic layer which has a higher coercive force than the first
     magnetic layer and which is stacked on the first magnetic layer with a
     non-magnetic layer interposed between them, and a word line installed near
     the magnetoresistive film with an insulating layer interposed between
     them, and the switching element is connected electrically to either the
     magnetoresistive film or word line."
"A magnetoresistive effect composite head includes a read magnetoresistive
     effect (MR) head and a recording inductive (ID) head. The MR head has
     first and second magnetic shield films and an MR element. The first and
     second magnetic shield films are formed on a slider main body in a stacked
     manner through a predetermined gap therebetween. Each of the first and
     second magnetic shield films has an end face flush with a slider floating
     surface. The MR element is formed between the first and second magnetic
     shield films through magnetic isolation layers each made of an insulator.
     The ID head has a first magnetic pole film, a coil, and a second magnetic
     pole film. The first magnetic pole film serves also as the second magnetic
     shield film. The coil and the second magnetic pole film are formed through
     an insulator on the first magnetic pole film on a surface opposite to the
     MR element through a predetermined magnetic gap. The second magnetic pole
     film has a projecting portion that defines a track width. The projecting
     portion has a distal end face substantially flush with the slider floating
     surface. A method of manufacturing a magnetoresistive effect head is also
     disclosed."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor comprises a dual differential spin valve
     structure. Each of the spin valves comprise first (free) and second
     (pinned) layers of ferromagnetic material separated by a thin film layer
     of nonmagnetic material. The magnetization direction of the pinned layers
     of ferromagnetic material in each spin valve is fixed, and their
     magnetization is set antiparallel to each other. A current flow is
     produced through the MR sensor, and the variations in voltage across the
     MR sensor are sensed due to changes in resistance of the MR sensor
     produced by rotation of the magnetization in the free layers of
     ferromagnetic material as a function of the magnetic field being sensed."
"The present invention aims to provide an excellent exchange coupling thin
     film consisting of a completely novel material other than FeMn or NiMn and
     having excellent corrosion resistance and high resistivity, and a
     magnetoresistive element and a magnetic head each of which include the
     exchange coupling thin film. The exchange coupling thin film includes an
     antiferromagnetic film mainly composed of a crystal phase of a
     body-centered cubic structure and containing Cr and element M where
     element M contains at least one element of the 3B group elements in the
     Periodic Table, or Al, Ga or In, and a ferromagnetic film containing at
     least one of Fe, Ne, and Co, both films being laminated in contact with
     each other, wherein magnetic exchange coupling is generated in the
     interface between the antiferromagnetic film and the ferromagnetic film."
"A low-noise wide band preamplifier (10) provides an output voltage signal
     (V.sub.O) corresponding to the variation in resistance of a sensor such as
     Magneto-resistive (MR) head (4) which is used to read the data stored on a
     magnetic media. In this preamplifier, a transistor (12) and resistor (13)
     combination is used to function as a transimpedance amplifier (11) to
     increase the frequency bandwidth of the preamplifier and reduce the noise.
     The transimpedance amplifier (11) takes its input from an input transistor
     (3) coupled between the MR head (4) and a current source (2). A biasing
     circuit formed by a transconductance amplifier (12) and a capacitor (5) is
     used to control the input transistor (3) so that the average current
     passing through the input transistor (3) matches the current provided by
     the current source (2)."
"An isolator having a driver circuit which responsive to an input signal
     drives appropriate signals into one or more coils which are magnetically
     coupled to one or more corresponding MR or GMR elements whose resistance
     is variable in response to the magnetic field applied by the coil(s), and
     an output circuit that converts the resistance changes to an output signal
     corresponding to the input signal. A Faraday shield is interposed between
     the coil(s) and the MR or GMR elements. Common mode transients applied to
     the driver are capacitively coupled from the coil(s) into the Faraday
     shield and therethrough to ground, instead of into the MR elements. A
     second Faraday shield may be disposed in spaced relationship with the
     first Faraday shield and referenced to the potential of the MR elements
     for even greater common mode rejection. The entire structure may be formed
     monolithically as an integrated circuit on a single substrate, for low
     cost, small size, and low power consumption. With proper driver and
     receiver circuits, the isolator may transmit either analog or digital
     signals."
"In a magnetic read/write assembly, a removable fusible-link shorts the
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element to minimize electrical current
     through the MR sensing element during discharge of static electricity.
     Other magnetic head assembly elements such as the write coil and MR
     magnetic shields are also shorted using fusible-links. The fusible-link is
     removable during the assembly process. The existing terminal pads and
     wires are used to remove the fusible-link."
"A magnetoresistive element comprising a combination of an
     electroconductive, crystalline magnetostrictive material or an amorphous
     magnetostrictive material with an electrically insulating layer and an
     oxide magnetoresistive material, or a combination of an electrically
     insulating oxide magnetostrictive material with an oxide magnetoresistive
     material. The magnetoresistive element provides a magnetic detecting
     element, detector or recording device having high sensitivity and good
     quick response by virtue of synergistic effect of the large
     magnetostriction and the magnetoresistance effect thereof. The oxide
     magnetoresistive material is preferably an oxide having a perovskite
     structure or a layer perovskite structure and the preferred
     magnetostrictive material is a crystalline or amorphous ferromagnetic
     material. The electrically insulating layer is formed of preferably an
     oxide having a perovskite structure."
"A method of making provides an inverted merged MR head wherein frame
     plating is not required for forming a highly defined submicron track width
     of a top first pole tip portion. A forming structure is formed on a bottom
     first pole tip portion with a vertical wall located at a site where one of
     the edges of the top first pole tip is to be located. The top first pole
     tip is sputtered or plated on the vertical wall of the forming structure
     with a thickness that defines the track width of the write head. A mask
     with a recessed portion may be employed for forming the top first pole tip
     with a back wall that defines a zero throat height of the head. In a
     preferred embodiment a forming layer is formed adjacent an opposite edge
     of the top first pole tip and then the top surfaces of the top first pole
     tip, the forming layer and the forming structure are lapped until these
     top surfaces are flush with one another. The material of the top first
     pole tip has an ion milling rate that is greater than the ion milling
     rates of the forming layer and the forming structure. Ion milling is then
     employed to ion mill the top of the top first pole tip at a greater rate
     than the other layers causing a recess which is centered above the top
     surface of the top first pole tip. After depositing a write gap layer and
     a seedlayer in the recess the second pole tip is deposited in the recess
     causing the base of the second pole tip to be substantially aligned with
     the top surface of the top first pole tip. Sloping surfaces extending from
     the base of the second pole tip are similar to notching of a first pole
     piece in the prior art which promotes flux transfer between the pole tips
     and minimizes stray flux from the second pole tip to the bottom first pole
     tip."
"An automatic computer implemented technique which may be used for
     identifying markers and determining the centroids of fiducial markers
     (e.g., cylindrical fiducial markers) attached to the head in magnetic
     resonance (MR) and X-ray computed tomography (CT) volume images is
     disclosed. This technique may be referred to as image space localization.
     A first portion of the technique identifies many candidate voxel points
     included in a bright area of the image which may correspond to candidate
     markers. A second portion of the technique selects from the identified
     candidate voxels a predetermined number of candidate points of the image
     volume that are most likely to lie within an actual fiducial marker. The
     centroid for each of these markers is then determined. The method finds
     markers whose images are of a higher intensity than their surroundings and
     which have a given shape and size."
"A bit-wise conditional write method and apparatus to minimize power
     consumption in integrated circuit (IC) magnetoresistive random access
     memory (MRAM) systems. In a first embodiment, the current logic state of
     each data bit of a word stored in the MRAM is compared to a corresponding
     input bit and only those stored data bits which are different are written.
     In a second embodiment, for each stored data bit which is not being
     written, the current logic state is guarded against inadvertent
     modification when other data bits of the word are written. In a third
     embodiment, if the logic states of a majority of the stored data bits
     comprising a word are different from the logic states of the respective
     input bits, the input bits are first complemented so that less than a
     majority of the stored data bits actually need to be changed, and a
     complement bit, appended to each word in the MRAM, is set to indicate that
     the correct logic states of the stored data bits comprising the respective
     word must be restored upon subsequent readout."
"A magneto-resistance effect element comprising a spin valve film including
     a first magnetic layer, a second magnetic layer and a non-magnetic layer
     interposed between the first magnetic layer and the second magnetic layer.
     Among the first and the second magnetic layers, in at least one of the
     magnetic layers, close-packed faces of crystal grains which constitute the
     magnetic layer are isotropically dispersed. Such a magnetic layer, by
     setting a film thickness of an under layer having an identical crystal
     structure with the magnetic layer at 2.0 nm or less and by dispersing
     isotropically close-packed faces of crystal grains constituting the under
     layer, can be obtained with reproducibility. According to a
     magneto-resistance effect element comprising such a spin valve film, while
     maintaining a large MR change rate, for example, magnetostriction constant
     can satisfy such a low magnetostriction as 1.times.10.sup.-6 or less.
     Further, excellent soft magnetic property can be provided."
"A method for manufacturing a magnetoresistance head of the present
     invention comprises the steps of forming an organic film on a multilayered
     film constituting a magnetoresistance device, forming an upper film formed
     of resist or inorganic film on the organic film, patterning the organic
     film and the upper film, cutting into edges of the organic film patterns
     from edges of the upper film patterns inwardly to such an extent that
     particles of the thin film being formed on the upper film and the
     multilayered film do not contact to side portions of the organic film
     patterns."
"Disclosed are magnetoresistance effect films which have a magnetic thin
     film and an anti-ferromagnetically coupled magnetic multilayer thin film
     inserted into the interface between the non-magnetic thin film and the
     magnetic thin film, and a method for forming magnetoresistance effect
     films including the step of thermally treating the anti-ferromagnetic thin
     film and the magnetic multilayer thin film at a temperature of 200 to
     300.degree. C. so as to generate one-directional anisotropy in the
     magnetic multilayer thin film, or the step of rotating by 90.degree. a
     magnetic field applied during the film formation so that the weak
     magnetization axes of the magnetic thin film and the magnetic multilayer
     thin film are orthogonal to each other."
"A magnetoresistance element for reproducing magnetic signals with higher
     sensitivity and its manufacturing method. The magnetoresistance element
     has a structure including alternate layers of ferromagnetic material and
     nonmagnetic material on a substrate, and the oxygen concentration in the
     structure is less than 100 wt. ppm. Alternatively, the magnetoresistance
     element comprises a substrate, a nonmagnetic layer on the substrate, a
     ferromagnetic layer on the nonmagnetic layer on the substrate, a
     ferromagnetic layer on the nonmagnetic layer, and an antiferromagnetic
     layer on the ferromagnetic layer, and the oxygen concentration in the part
     where the ferromagnetic material layers are laminated with the nonmagnetic
     material layers in between is less than 100 wt. ppm."
"A composite micro-lens for use in an optical or magneto-optical information
     storage system, made up of one or more lens elements which, when coupled
     in assembly, provide a desired numerical aperture. The design may provide,
     if necessary, a photo resist lens, a shaped ball lens, or one or more
     contoured surfaces within the composite construction to correct for
     aberrations. The composite lens designed in this manner allowing for the
     use of wafer-level assembly processes to provide high volume production
     capabilities. It is further intended that this micro-lens design support
     integration in an optical or magneto-optical head design."
"A thin film conductive line is formed between MR pads on an MR head for
     protecting an MR sensor from electrostatic discharge (ESD) during assembly
     steps between row level fabrication of the head and prior to merge of a
     head stack assembly with a disk stack assembly. The conductive line may
     have a reduced thickness delete pad. A laser beam having a fluence
     sufficient to sever the conductive line at the delete pad but insufficient
     to damage or cause debris from structure underlying or surrounding the
     conductive line is used to sever the conductive line. The method traverses
     minimum energy, short laser pulses at a high pulse rate across the line,
     the melted material withdrawing from the melted area and being heaped on
     top of adjacent portions of the delete pad by surface tension and the
     melted material cooling to room temperature before the next pulse so that
     there is no cumulative heating and therefore no damage to or debris from
     the underlying structure. The conductive material of the line is
     incrementally plowed to each side of a severed path by successive
     overlapping laser pulses so that when the series of laser pulses has
     traversed the width of the delete pad the conductive line has been
     severed."
"A self-biasing, non-magnetic giant magnetoresistive sensor having a
     Corbino-disk geometry constructed from a thin film of e.g., doped, Mercury
     Cadmium Telluride (MCT) Hg.sub.1-x Cd.sub.x Te exhibiting anomalously
     large Giant Magnetresistance (GMR) and zero field offset. In one
     embodiment, the sensor has a silicon substrate, a layer of doped,
     inhomogeneous MCT, and electrodes attached to the inhomogeneous layer.
     Alternatively, a buffer layer of, e.g., CdTe may overlay the substrate. In
     another embodiment, the sensor has a silicon substrate, a layer of doped,
     homogeneous MCT, and electrodes attached to the doped homogeneous MCT.
     Alternatively, a buffer layer of, e.g., CdTe may overlay the substrate as
     well. With constructed in as either of these embodiments, highly doped
     Corbino devices may show a significant zero-field offset in the GMR which
     results in a built-in bias field as high as 1500 G at T=300 K."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) conversion element and an inductive conversion
     element are provided as parts of a combined type thin film magnetic head.
     The MR element is formed by placing a magnetoresistive film in an
     insulation layer between a first magnetic shield film and a second
     magnetic shield film. The inductive conversion element is in part formed
     by laminating a gap film with a coil film supported by an insulating film
     on the second magnetic shield film. The width of the first magnetic film
     is then made smaller than the width of the second magnetic shield film to
     form a pole of the inductive conversion element. The inductive conversion
     element is further formed to include a first magnetic film separated from
     the second magnetic shield film by a non-magnetic film which has a
     thickness to insure magnetic coupling between the second magnetic shield
     film and the first magnetic film while minimizing fringing effects. In
     addition, the first magnetic film is made of a material having a
     saturation magnetization higher than that of the material used to form the
     second magnetic shield film."
"A magnetoresistive head includes an underlayer composed of one of Ni and
     NiFe alloy and at least one additive selected from the group consisting of
     Cr, Nb, Rh, and Pd. An anti-ferromagnetic layer is formed on the
     underlayer, and a first ferromagnetic layer is formed on the
     anti-ferromagnetic layer. The magnetic head also includes a nonmagnetic
     layer formed on the first ferromagnetic layer, and a second ferromagnetic
     layer formed on the nonmagnetic layer."
"The present invention provides a thin film head having a magnetoresistance
     effect element which includes at least two magnetic films, a nonmagnetic
     film sandwiched between the magnetic films, and leads connected to the
     magnetoresistance effect element wherein the width of one of the magnetic
     films, which essentially responds to a signal magnetic field, is not more
     than a distance between leads. The present invention provides a thin film
     head having a magnetoresistance effect element which includes at least two
     magnetic films and a nonmagnetic film sandwiched between the magnetic
     films, which makes use of a change in magnetic resistance caused by
     spin-dependent scattering, wherein at least a portion of one magnetic
     films, which essentially respond to a signal magnetic field, extends in a
     direction same as that of the signal magnetic field."
"A magnetoresistive head of the present invention is not easily damaged by
     electrostatic discharge, and is easy to manufacture. A magnetoresistance
     effect element is interposed between upper and lower shields composed of
     soft magnetic material through first and second gaps composed of an
     insulating material. The lower shield is connected to a slider via a
     slider protective film, which is an insulating substance. The
     magnetoresistive head is constructed so that a capacity Cg between the
     magnetoresistance effect element and the lower shield is 6.3 or more times
     a capacity between the lower shield and the slider by using a material
     (e.g., silicon carbide) exhibiting a large relative dielectric constant
     as, e.g., a second gap material."
"A method for magnetic resonance imaging of a density distribution of a
     first substance and a second substance in a part of a body which is
     arranged in a substantially uniform, steady magnetic field, said first
     substance having a J-coupling. In order to image the contribution to the
     MR spectrum by said first substance having the J-coupling separately from
     the contribution to the MR spectrum by the second substance, repetition of
     refocusing pulses is used for the generating of the spin echo signals, so
     that in the direction of a first dimension of a data matrix, in which the
     measured values are arranged, a phase modulation of 180.degree. occurs in
     the successive values. Furthermore, the method according to the invention
     utilizes spatial encoding in which the maximum strength of a phase
     encoding gradient is equal to half the maximum strength of a corresponding
     phase encoding gradient used in a customary phase code, so that the field
     of vision is doubled in comparison with the customary field of vision.
     After Fourier transformation and integration of the MR spectrum, two
     separate images of the density distribution of the first substance and the
     second substance are thus obtained. Lactate is an example of a substance
     having a J-coupling. Fat is an example of a second substance."
"A method of making provides an inverted merged MR head wherein frame
     plating is not required for forming a highly defined submicron track width
     of a top first pole tip portion. A forming structure is formed on a bottom
     first pole tip portion with a vertical wall located at a site where one of
     the edges of the top first pole tip is to be located. The top first pole
     tip is sputtered or plated on the vertical wall of the forming structure
     with a thickness that defines the track width of the write head. A mask
     with a recessed portion may be employed for forming the top first pole tip
     with a back wall that defines a zero throat height of the head. In a
     preferred embodiment a forming layer is formed adjacent an opposite edge
     of the top first pole tip and then the top surfaces of the top first pole
     tip, the forming layer and the forming structure are lapped until these
     top surfaces are flush with one another. The material of the top first
     pole tip has an ion milling rate that is greater than the ion milling
     rates of the forming layer and the forming structure. Ion milling is then
     employed to ion mill the top of the top first pole tip at a greater rate
     than the other layers causing a recess which is centered above the top
     surface of the top first pole tip. After depositing a write gap layer and
     a seedlayer in the recess the second pole tip is deposited in the recess
     causing the base of the second pole tip to be substantially aligned with
     the top surface of the top first pole tip. Sloping surfaces extending from
     the base of the second pole tip are similar to notching of a first pole
     piece in the prior art which promotes flux transfer between the pole tips
     and minimizes stray flux from the second pole tip to the bottom first pole
     tip."
"An off-track optimizing apparatus, disk, and method for raising track
     density of a hard disk drive using a magnetoresistive head. An optimal
     off-track amount is detected in an initial test process of a hard disk
     drive, and an additional position detection signal is written into a
     specific area of a disk. During track follow, the magnetoresistive head is
     on-tracked in a specific track by using the additional position detection
     signal."
"A method and a circuit for correcting asymmetry in a response signal
     generated by a magneto-resistive head. The magneto-resistive head
     generates a response signal to transmit digital information read from a
     magnetic media storage device. The asymmetry is corrected in a negative
     feedback manner by squaring an output signal, modulating the squared
     output signal, and subtracting the modulated squared output signal from
     the response signal to generate the output signal. The circuit employs a
     differential amplifier as an input stage and a Gilbert multiplier circuit
     to square the output signal."
"An MR apparatus includes an MR coil system of the so-called bird cage type
     which operates in a degenerate mode of operation in which all resonance
     modes and all resonance frequencies coincide. It has been found that the
     individual meshes of the MR coil system are then decoupled from one
     another, thus enabling operation as a coil array, the individual MR
     signals being processed in separate processing channels so as to form MR
     sub-images which can be combined in a reconstruction unit so as to form an
     MR overall image having an improved signal-to-noise ratio."
"The present invention is directed to an MR element and a thin film magnetic
     head that do not cause an increase in the electrical resistance value due
     to the presence of dead zones. When forming passive areas that include
     magnetic domain control films and conductive films at the two sides of a
     central active area through a vacuum film formation method, the magnetic
     domain control films are formed under film forming conditions that are
     different from the film forming conditions under which the conductive
     films are formed to ensure that the degree to which the conductive films
     overlap the central active area is set larger than the degree to which the
     magnetic domain control films overlap the central active area."
"A method and system for resolving error or erasure in binary data streams
     read back using MR heads from a cyclic, multitracked recording medium. The
     method assesses whether an erasure or error was coincident with a thermal
     asperity. If the coincidence occurred, the method branches to and executes
     an ordered list of data recovery procedures tuned to thermal asperity.
     This list emphasizes early use of burst ECC correction and alteration of
     MR head and read channel attributes."
"The invention relates to a magnetic resonance (MR) imaging method for
     forming images of a part of a human or animal body which is arranged in a
     steady magnetic field, an MR image being made of the part which is
     directed transversely to a major axis of an ellipsoid which approximates
     the part. The method is used, for example for functional examination of a
     heart of a human body during which MR images are made of the left
     ventricle of the heart. Because the heart in every body may be oriented
     differently relative to a feet-to-head axis and relative to an axis
     transversely to the feet-to-head axis, the major axis of the ellipsoid
     should be determined so as to enable an MR image to be formed of an
     imaging plane which extends transversely of the major axis and contains a
     minor axis of the ellipsoid. To this end, two MR images are made of a
     first imaging plane and a second imaging plane of the heart, respectively,
     the first imaging plane and the second imaging plane being chosen in such
     a manner that they extend transversely to the feet-to-head axis of the
     body. Subsequently, a first reference and a second reference are
     determined in the first and the second MR image, respectively, said
     references being characterized by one and the same property in the MR
     images. The estimate of the major axis of the ellipsoid is then determined
     by a connecting line through two points which correspond to the first
     reference and the second reference, respectively."
"A magneto-resistive read/write tape head is provided for reading and
     writing to tape media along a tape head face. The tape head comprises a
     plurality of modules, each module comprising a read element and a write
     element spaced apart and terminating at the tape head face and formed over
     a substrate. The read element comprises a soft film bias layer and a hard
     film bias layer butted against the SFB layer. The write element comprises
     two pole tips spaced apart by a gap. The tape head further includes a
     plurality of activating conducting coil turns operatively associated with
     the write element and covered by a cross-linked photoresist and positioned
     between the gap and one of the pole tips and set back from the tape head
     face. The tape head has at least one of the following elements: (a) a wear
     shield between the read element and the write element for limiting wear of
     the gap between the two pole tips, the wear shield being grounded for
     decoupling read and write functions of the tape head, for allowing same
     module read/servo/write functions simultaneously, and for grounding static
     charge from the tape media; (b) a layer of electrically conductive and
     corrosion-resis tant material, such as rhodium, under the hard film bias
     layer to reduce its resistance; and (c) a non-activating dummy coil turn
     closer to the pole tips than the activating coil turns for defining a
     forward termination of the cross-linked photoresist between the activating
     coil turns and the tape head face to thereby provide improved ease of
     processability."
"A method and apparatus for improving baseline recovery of an MR head using
     a programmable AC coupling pole. The location of the pole may be adjusted
     to achieve the fastest recovery from a baseline shift without degrading
     the normal channel performance. Further, the pole may be moved during the
     data recovery procedure to recover from a data read error. The
     programmable AC coupling pole includes a circuit path carrying digital
     data signals read from a recording media by a magnetic head, an amplifier
     coupled to the circuit path for amplifying the digital data signals, and a
     recovery time setting means having an programmable recovery time constant
     associated therewith. Once a data read error has been detected by the
     system, the recovery time constant may be adjusted to set a recovery time
     for the amplifier to provide readable data signals. In addition, a digital
     controller may be coupled to the recovery time setting means for adjusting
     the recovery time setting means to change the recovery time constants in
     response to disturbances to the magnetic head. The programmable AC
     coupling pole may be disposed at the output of the magnetic head
     preamplifier or it may be before the data channel amplifier."
"Devices for producing an oscillatory shear stress within an object
     positioned in a polarizing magnetic field of an NMR imaging system are
     used to perform MR elastography. In one embodiment shear stress is
     produced within the brain by vibrating the entire skull with a transducer
     that is gripped by the patient's teeth."
"A 3DFT gradient-recalled echo pulse sequence is employed to acquire NMR
     data from which an MR angiogram is produced. A thin slab excitation is
     employed and this thin slab is incremented in slice-thickness steps
     through the volume of interest as the NMR data is acquired. Navigator
     echoes are acquired at each thin slab location to correct the NMR data for
     phase errors produced by the sliding slab technique."
"An electronic circuit apparatus is provided comprising a component disk
     drive, and an electronic circuit implementing the component drive for
     local storage as an alternative to costlier solid state memory, wherein
     the electronic circuit has at least one function not related to the
     operation of the component disk drive, and wherein the electronic circuit
     uses information stored on the component disk drive to perform the
     non-storage related function. The apparatus is suitable for a plurality of
     electronic devices and for electronic circuit applications residing in a
     card enclosure adapted for plugging into an electronic device or computer.
     In the preferred embodiment, the component disk drive comprises a disk
     with a single recording surface mounted directly to a flat motor, a low
     profile actuator assembly including a single suspension supporting an MR
     head, and means for ""parking"" the head at the center of the disk. The
     preferred electronic circuit apparatus is enclosed in a PCMCIA type II or
     III card wherein the component disk drive occupies no more than 50% of the
     card area, and the remaining card area is populated by electronic
     components including nonstorage functions."
"A servo burst recording and servo control method for a magnetic storage
     device having a magneto resistive (MR) head comprises the steps of
     recording an additional burst signal having a magnitude as large as the
     quantity of track shift caused by a displacement angle of the MR head
     around each center line of each track, and using the additional burst
     signal as position identification information for the MR head during servo
     control thereof. The additional burst signal can be used during a read
     operation only or during a write operation only."
"In a disk drive which has a magneto-resistance (MR) element as a read
     element and where servo areas and data areas are separated and recorded on
     a disk, the disk drive is so constructed as to prevent a read error
     resulting from the roughness of the disk, i.e, a read error of a thermal
     asperity. There is provided a structure where, in a servo area, a read
     error of a start bit of a Gray code is prevented by a thermal asperity
     which occurs immediately before the Gray code, and where an erase area is
     detected. In the structure of the present invention, a servo pattern is
     formed so that a polarity of a start bit signal of a start position of the
     Gray code, which is detected by said MR element, becomes a polarity
     opposite to a polarity of a signal that the MR element generates because
     of the thermal asperity, and also a channel circuit having a hysteresis
     comparator which alternately reads out signals different in polarity is
     used so that reading of an error signal resulting from the thermal
     asperity is not executed. With this, a read error is prevented."
"A spin valve (SV) sensor having a Ni-Mn antiferromagnetic (AFM) layer, a
     pinned layer, a free layer and a spacer layer disposed between said free
     and pinned layers. The pinned layer is formed over and in contact with the
     antiferromagnetic (AFM) Ni-Mn layer where the combination of the AFM and
     pinned layers is first annealed before depositing the rest of the SV
     layers. Carrying out the annealing process of the combination of the AFM
     and pinned layers prior to deposition of the rest of the SV layers
     provides the exchange coupling field necessary to pin the pinned layer
     while avoiding thermal degradation of the SV sensor giant magnetoresistive
     effect."
"A viscous fluid clutch includes a rotor attached to an output from an
     engine, a stator attached to a fan assembly and a coil assembly having at
     least a portion attached to the stator. A first gap is defined between the
     rotor and the stator and a second gap is defined between the rotor and the
     coil assembly. The first and second gaps are filled with a magneto
     rheological (MR) fluid. The coil assembly creates a magnetic field in the
     first and second gaps to vary the viscosity of the MR fluid to produce a
     variable speed viscous fluid clutch. The coil assembly includes coil
     windings which are supplied with power through a slip ring assembly. Both
     the coil windings and the wiring between the slip ring assembly and the
     coil windings are isolated from the magneto rheological fluid."
"A combined read head and write head includes at least one write coil layer
     embedded in an insulation stack. The insulation stack is sandwiched
     between first and second pole piece layers that are connected at a back
     gap. The pole piece layers have first and second pole tips that have edges
     that form a portion of an air bearing surface. A write gap layer that
     forms a portion of the air bearing surface is sandwiched between a top
     surface of the first pole tip and a bottom surface of the second pole tip.
     A non-magnetic electrically conductive layer on top of the second pole tip
     forms a portion of the air bearing surface. A magnetoresistive sensor is
     sandwiched between first and second gap layers, which are sandwiched
     between first and second shield layers. The second shield layer is a
     common layer with the first pole piece layer."
"A magnetoresistive device of the present invention includes: a soft
     magnetic layer; a hard magnetic layer; a non-magnetic layer formed between
     the soft magnetic layer and the hard magnetic layer; and an interface
     magnetic layer, provided at an interface between the soft magnetic layer
     and the non-magnetic layer, for enhancing magnetic scattering, wherein the
     soft magnetic layer includes an amorphous structure."
"A magnetoresistance effect magnetic head which is capable of shortening
     shield gap distance and which can be manufactured by a small number of
     manufacturing steps, and a manufacturing method therefor are provided. The
     magnetoresistance effect magnetic head having a magnetoresistance effect
     magnetic device held between a pair of soft magnetic members through
     insulating layers and conductors connected to the magnetoresistance effect
     magnetic device is structured such that the conductors are embedded in
     grooves formed in the insulating layer. Since the magnetoresistance effect
     magnetic device has the structure such that the conductors connected to
     the magnetoresistance effect magnetic device are embedded in the grooves
     formed in the insulating layer, the shield gap distance can be shortened."
"Using a device (7) the magnetization distribution of the bias layer part
     (3) of a sensor element (E) is set. The sensor element has a thin-film
     structure (S) on a substrate (2) and has an increased magneto-resistive
     effect. The device (7) has an electrically conducting conductor part (L)
     and devices for positioning the conductor part (7) with regard to the
     sensor element (E). A predetermined setting current (I.sub.e) is carried
     over the conductor part (L), so the predetermined magnetization
     distribution can be set in a fixed manner in the bias layer part (3) of
     the sensor element (E)."
"A solid-state component is described which includes a network of thin-film
     elements. At least one thin-film element exhibits giant magnetoresistance.
     The network has a plurality of nodes, each of which represents a direct
     electrical connection between two of the thin-film elements. First and
     second ones of the plurality of nodes comprise power terminals. Third and
     fourth ones of the plurality of nodes comprise an output. A first
     conductor is inductively coupled to the at least one thin-film element for
     applying a first magnetic field thereto."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) head and a method are disclosed providing a
     longitudinal bias layer and conductor leads at end regions of sensor
     elements to form a sensor region between the end regions. A uniform
     longitudinal bias thin film layer is deposited overlaying the entirety of
     the upper MR sensor, and a uniform conductor thin film layer is deposited
     overlaying the entirety of the longitudinal bias thin film layer. A
     photoresist process is conducted over the conductor thin film layer to
     develop a mask of the end regions and to expose a central region between
     the end regions. A reactive-ion-etching process completely etches the
     conductor thin film layer in the exposed central region to expose the
     longitudinal bias layer in the central region, the photoresist mask is
     removed, and an ion milling process of the exposed longitudinal bias layer
     at the central region reduces the bias layer from a ""bias"" critical
     thickness to a ""null"" critical thickness to free the MR sensor elements,
     thereby forming a defined sensor region of the underlying MR sensor
     elements at the exposed longitudinal bias layer at the central region."
"Magnetic head having a multilayer structure which comprises at least one
     magnetoresistive layer (9) and a transducing gap terminating in a head
     face. The magnetoresistive layer has an active central portion located
     between two end portions, which central portion is provided with
     equipotential strips (13). Layers (15) of a hard-magnetic material with an
     axis of magnetization extending in the longitudinal direction of the
     magnetoresistive layer are provided opoosite to, and spaced apart from the
     end portions, a non-magnetic spacer layer (17) of electrically insulating
     material being present between the end portions and said layers of
     hard-magnetic material."
"The present invention provides a device for supplying an initialization
     pulse current to at least laminations of a pinned ferromagnetic layer, a
     non-magnetic metal layer and a free ferromagnetic layer in a
     magnetoresistive transducer in an initialization pulse current direction
     which is perpendicular to a predetermined magnetization direction of the
     pinned ferromagnetic layer and also parallel to an interface between the
     pinned ferromagnetic layer and the non-magnetic metal layer, wherein the
     device is electrically connected to opposite ends of the laminations
     spaced from each other in the initialization current direction for
     applying a pulse voltage between the opposite ends so as to flow the
     initialization pulse current in the initialization pulse current direction
     through the laminations."
"A dual element electrical lapping guide system is disclosed for a row of
     multi-layer dual element magnetoresistive and inductive magnetic
     transducers formed on a substrate, which will be used to form sliders, the
     sliders being separated by separation kerfs, and the multi-layer
     transducers aligned along an edge of the substrate for lapping of the
     edge. The dual element lapping guide system comprises superposed resistive
     elements and electrical switch elements, each positioned in one of the
     separation kerfs, and having an edge thereof positioned so as to be
     aligned with the edge of the row and subject to lapping of the row. Each
     electrical switch element comprises a bottom and a top layer connected at
     one end thereof and separated at the other end thereof by an insulation
     layer, so as to be initially closed at the connected end, which end is
     aligned with the edge of the multi-layer transducers and subject to
     lapping of the row at the connected end to open the switch element."
"A fabrication process for a complex magnetic head having a reproducing MR
     head and a recording ID head comprises the steps of forming the MR head,
     forming an insulator film on the MR head, forming a photoresist frame on
     the insulator film, forming a top magnetic pole inside the photoresist
     frame by plating, trimming the top magnetic pole for defining the end
     width of the ID head while leaving the photoresist frame, and removing the
     photoresist frame. The photoresist frame protects the underlying films
     against the trimming and also protects the top magnetic pole film against
     an etching solution."
"The invention is an apparatus and method for targeted drug delivery into a
     living patient using magnetic resonance (MR) imaging. The apparatus and
     method are useful in delivery to all types of living tissue and uses MR
     Imaging to track the location of drug delivery and estimating the rate of
     drug delivery. An MR-visible drug delivery device positioned at an target
     site (e.g., intracranial delivery) delivers a diagnostic or therapeutic
     drug solution into the tissue (e.g., the brain). The spatial distribution
     kinetics of the injected or infused drug agent are monitored
     quantitatively and non-invasively using water proton directional diffusion
     MR imaging to establish the efficacy of drug delivery at a targeted
     location."
"A magnetoresistive sensor has a magnetic bias field source that generates
     an alternating magnetic bias field, a giant magnetoresistive sensing
     element positioned in the alternating magnetic bias field, and a
     resistance detecting circuit that detects changes in the electrical
     resistance of the giant magnetoresistive sensing element caused by the
     combined action of the alternating magnetic bias field and an external
     magnetic field. The alternating magnetic bias field enables small external
     magnetic fields to be detected with high sensitivity."
"A composite type thin-film magnetic head. In one embodiment, a substrate is
     used as a base, and an insulating film, a lower shielding magnetic film, a
     magneto-resistive element, an upper shielding magnetic film, a magnetic
     gap film, a recording inductive magnetic film and a protective layer are
     laminated on this base. An inductive head used for recording is formed by
     the upper shielding magnetic film. A magnetic gap film, a recording
     inductive magnetic film, and a magneto-resistive head used for playback
     are formed by the magneto-resistive element. The upper shielding magnetic
     film and recording inductive magnetic film are formed by an electroplating
     of permalloy. The upper shielding magnetic film has a lower nickel
     concentration on the side of the magnetic gap film than on the side of the
     magneto-resistive element."
"A combined sunken magnetoresistive (MR) read/write head is provided wherein
     first and second shield layers are eliminated or thinned down in an
     insulation stack region just behind a pole tip region. This provides a
     depression behind the pole tip region where head components, such as the
     write coil, insulation stack and pole pieces of a write head, are located.
     Leads for an MR sensor of the head extend parallel to an air bearing
     surface (ABS) where they connect to first and second conductors beyond the
     limits of the shield layers. The conductors extend back into the head
     normal to the air bearing surface without any danger of shorting to the
     shield layers."
"In addition to the known MT (magnetization transfer) effect, an RMT
     (reverse MT) is newly found, which increases a detected MR signal
     strength. Both the MT and RMT effects can be explained with mutual
     interaction, such as phenomena of chemical exchange and/or cross
     relaxation, acted between a pool of water proton spins and another pool of
     macromolecule proton spins, for example, within an object. In order to
     enhance the MT or RMT effect, the frequency bandwidths of RF pulses, such
     as a 90.degree. RF exciting pulse in a SE or FSE method, an inversion
     pulse in a FLAIR or fast FLAIR method, and others, are controlled. To
     enhance the MT effect, the bandwidth is controlled into a wider value
     (approx. more than 1250 Hz) than the normally (conventionally) used
     bandwidth, while to obtain the RMT effect, the bandwidth is controlled
     into a narrower value (approx. less than 1000 Hz) than the normally used
     bandwidth. Actively controlling the MT or RMT effect permits changed image
     contrast in MR imaging."
"A magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) magnetoresistive (MR) read head has one
     fixed ferromagnetic layer and one sensing ferromagnetic layer on opposite
     sides of the tunnel barrier layer, and with a biasing ferromagnetic layer
     in the MTJ stack of layers that is magnetostatically coupled with the
     sensing ferromagnetic layer to provide either longitudinal bias or
     transverse bias or a combination of longitudinal and transverse bias
     fields to the sensing ferromagnetic layer. The magnetic tunnel junction in
     the MTJ MR head is formed on an electrical lead on a substrate and is made
     up of a stack of layers. The layers in the stack are an antiferromagnetic
     layer, a fixed ferromagnetic layer exchange biased with the
     antiferromagnetic layer so that its magnetic moment cannot rotate in the
     presence of an applied magnetic field, an insulating tunnel barrier layer
     in contact with the fixed ferromagnetic layer, a sensing ferromagnetic
     layer in contact with the tunnel barrier layer and whose magnetic moment
     is free to rotate in the presence of an applied magnetic field, a biasing
     ferromagnetic layer that has its magnetic moment aligned generally within
     the plane of the device and a nonmagnetic electrically conductive spacer
     layer separating the biasing ferromagnetic layer from the other layers in
     the stack. The self field or demagnetizing field from the biasing
     ferromagnetic layer magnetostatically couples with the edges of the
     sensing ferromagnetic layer to stabilize its magnetic moment, and, to
     linearize the output of the device. The electrically conductive spacer
     layer prevents direct ferromagnetic coupling between the biasing
     ferromagnetic layer and the other layers in the stack and allows sense
     current to flow perpendicularly through the layers in the MTJ stack."
"A magnetoresistive effect element having a lamination structure of a free
     magnetic layer, a non-magnetic layer in contact with the free magnetic
     layer, a pinned magnetic layer in contact with the non-magnetic layer, and
     an anti-ferromagnetic layer in contact with the pinned magnetic layer,
     wherein the product of a saturation magnetization of the pinned magnetic
     layer and a thickness of the pinned magnetic layer is not higher than
     2.times.10.sup.-9 T.multidot.m. The pinned magnetic layer may include a
     lanthanide metal."
"The magnetizations of the bias-layer parts of several sensor elements
     interconnected to form a bridge are to be set using the present device.
     These sensor elements are arranged on a common substrate and display an
     increased magneto-resistive effect. The present device has several
     conductive-track parts in such an arrangement that, with a predetermined
     position of the conductive-track parts with respect to the sensor elements
     of the bridge circuit, in each case one conductive-track part is
     associated with at least one sensor element. A set current of a
     predetermined direction and strength is conducted over each
     conductive-track part in such a manner that a predetermined direction of
     orientation of the magnetization can be set in fixed manner in the
     bias-layer part of the corresponding associated sensor element."
"A method for generating quasi-realtime feedback for the purpose of guiding
     surgical, therapeutic or diagnostic procedures by means of ultrasound
     imaging, wherein the location of a surgical tool, therapeutic radiation
     field or a diagnostic energy field is related to the coordinate system of
     an intraoperative 2D and/or 3D ultrasound imaging system and, optionally,
     to pre-operative MR/CT/X-ray data, thus allowing synchronized relations
     between data acquisition, tool movement and image visualizations."
"Hard films consisting of a permanent magnet material are formed on both the
     sides of shield layers to orient the magnetization of the shield layers in
     an easy axis of magnetization (X direction), thereby putting the shield
     layers into a single domain state. Therefore, anisotropic dispersion does
     not occur in the shield layers, the hysteresis of a thin film magnetic
     head is eliminated as a whole, a coercive force becomes very small, and
     the magnetic reversibilities of the shield layers in a direction
     perpendicular to the drawing paper surface becomes preferable. For this
     reason, the reliability of a reproduced output signal from a
     magnetoresistance element layer is improved."
"The invention provides a method for effectively removing the cause of a
     thermal asperity (TA) phenomenon occurring at an MR head incorporated in a
     disk storage system. If a read error occurs in data read by the MR head, a
     CPU executes a usual read retry operation. If the read error is not
     removed by the usual read retry operation, the CPU presumes that the read
     error is caused by the thermal asperity phenomenon occurring at the MR
     head. Then, the CPU controls the MR head to move to a CSS zone on the
     disk, thereby executing a TA removal operation so as to remove a fine
     particle such as dust attached to the MR head. In the TA removal
     operation, the rotational speed of the disk is reduced so that the MR head
     can be brought into contact with the disk in the CSS zone."
"A magnetic recording medium is described, which comprises a support having
     thereon a magnetic layer mainly comprising a ferromagnetic powder
     dispersed in a binder, for a magnetic recording/reproduction system of
     reproducing recorded signals of from 0.15 to 2 G bit/inch.sup.2 of areal
     recording density with a magneto resistive head (an MR head), wherein the
     surface of the magnetic recording layer has not more than 100 protrusions
     having a height of 30 nm or more per 900 .mu..sup.2 measured using an
     atomic force microscope (AFM), the magnetization reversal volume of the
     magnetic layer is from 0.1.times.10.sup.-17 to 5.times.10.sup.-17 ml, and
     the coercive force of the magnetic layer is 2,000 Oe or more."
"For a balance adjustment due to a reduction in size and weight of an
     actuator, an arm portion, an axis attaching portion, and a coil supporting
     portion are arranged so that the centers of gravity on the coil side are
     located on a straight line connecting a rotational center and the center
     of gravity on the head side. Further, the improvement of an assembling
     efficiency of a VCM, an increase in torque, a one-touch fixing of an FPC
     connecting band, a noise prevention of a read pattern, and an insulation
     between the base and cover due to a bias of an MR read head are
     accomplished. A sector mark is detected by comparing a peak detection
     pulse and its reference polarity signal. A redundancy is provided to a
     reference detection polarity signal so that a read signal can be detected
     even if any one of the read signals of the sector marks is dropped out. A
     gray code detecting section for recognizing a cylinder address also
     detects on the basis of a peak detection pulse and a polarity signal due
     to the reading of a gray code. A memory space to store a program is
     divided into a ROM space of a small electric power consumption and a RAM
     space of a large electric power consumption and stores each peculiar
     program. When the CPU doesn't execute a program in the RAM space, the
     execution of an idle program in the ROM space is allocated, thereby
     reducing an electric power consumption in an idle state by using a ROM."
"An optical disc having a functional film, formed by a thin metal plate, and
     a protective film, formed on a transparent substrate, is disclosed. The
     protective film satisfies a condition d.gtoreq.2d.sub.0, where d is a
     maximum film thickness at an outer periphery of the protective film and
     d.sub.0 is a mean film thickness at a flat portion on a data area. A
     magneto-optical disc having a functional film which is a metal thin film
     having magneto-optical effects is also disclosed, wherein the protective
     film satisfies a condition that a difference L.sub.1 between a maximum
     film thickness d at the outer periphery of the protective film and a mean
     film thickness d.sub.0 at a flat portion of the data area is 40 .mu.m or
     less and the protective film has a curved surface having a radius of
     curvature R.sub.1 .gtoreq.12.48 mm at the outer periphery of the
     protective film. The present invention provides an optical disc having
     superior recording properties and a sufficient corrosion resistance even
     when the disc is provided with a highly corrosive thin metal film, such as
     a rare earth-transition metal amorphous thin film."
"A heterogeneous thin film structure including a discontinuous layer of
     ferromagnetic material deposited on an insulating substrate and overcoated
     with a layer of nonmagnetic electrically conductive material exhibits
     giant magnetoresistance in saturation fields on the order of 350 Oersteds.
     A layer of ferromagnetic material is deposited on a heated insulating
     substrate by high vacuum evaporation techniques to form a layer of
     isolated ferromagnetic particles and overcoated with a nonmagnetic
     conductive material to form a plurality of ferromagnetic particles
     embedded in a nonmagnetic conductive matrix. As the ferromagnetic and
     nonmagnetic materials are deposited separately, it is not required that
     the two materials be immiscible and subsequent annealing is not required
     to induce phase separation."
"A magnetoresistive sensor based on a giant magnetoresistance multilayer
     uses a multilayer structure formed of alternating layers or stripes of
     ferromagnetic and nonferromagnetic metal that are spontaneously formed or
     ""self-assembled"" laterally on a special template layer. The template layer
     is a crystalline structure that has a two-fold uniaxial surface, i.e., one
     that is structurally invariant for a rotation by 180 degrees (and only 180
     degrees) about an axis (the symmetry axis) perpendicular to the surface
     plane. Such a template layer is the (110) surface plane of
     body-centered-cubic Mo. The alternating stripes of ferromagnetic metal
     (such as Co or Fe) and nonferromagnetic metal (such as Ag) become
     spontaneously arranged laterally on the template layer during
     co-deposition, such as during ultrahigh vaccum evaporation, and are
     aligned so that the direction of composition modulation, i.e., the
     direction perpendicular to the alternating stripes is along one of the
     unique axes of the template layer and in a plane parallel to the template
     layer. A crystalline base layer may be used beneath the template layer to
     enhance the growth of the template layer. If the template layer is (110)
     Mo, then the base layer may be sapphire having its (1 1 2bar 0) plane
     parallel to the (110) Mo plane."
"A magnetic recording medium and a thin film planar magnetic head form an
     assembly. The magnetic recording medium of the assembly includes a
     magnetic coating having a residual magnetization value (Mr) and a
     thickness value (t) which together form a high product value (Mr)(t) which
     is preferably greater than about 1.8 memu/cm.sup.2. This coating also has
     a high coercive field value of Hc which is preferably greater than about
     2,200 Oe. The ratio formed by dividing the (Mr)(t)product value by this
     coercive field value Hc((Mr)(t)/Hc) is preferably approximately
     0.7.times.10.sup.-3 memu/cm.sup.2 /Oe or 0.8.times.10.sup.-3 memu/cm.sup.2
     /Oe. The product of the (mr)(t) product value and the coercive field value
     Hc ((Mr)(t)(Hc)) is preferably greater than approximately 4000
     Oe.times.memu/cm.sup.2. The overall effect of the present invention is to
     provide the magnetic medium coating with an enlarged hysteresis loop as
     compared to that conventionally used with such assemblies so that there is
     a resulting increased amplitude reading signal with an improved signal to
     noise ratio."
"A circuit and method for detecting write-safe conditions for a magnetic
     storage device The circuit includes an electrical interconnect, a
     write-safe circuit, a write-driver circuit, a read amplifier and a
     read/write element. The electrical interconnect has a write path and a
     read path. A read element is coupled to one end of the read path, while
     the read amplifier is coupled to the other end of the read path. A write
     element is coupled to an end of the write path that is in proximity to the
     read element, while a write-output circuit is coupled to the other end of
     the write path. Preferably, the write element and the read element are
     part of a magneto-resistive head, such as a Piggyback-Magneto-Resistive
     head. The write-safe circuit, coupled to the read amplifier, detects a
     write-safe condition based on a signal induced into the read path by a
     write signal on the write path. The read amplifier is coupled to the read
     path between the read path and the write-safe circuit, and amplifies the
     voltage signal induced into the read path."
"In a magnetic recording drive having a plurality of magnetic heads each
     employing a magnetoresistive sensor for the purpose of averaging the time
     required for sense currents to be caused to flow through the respective
     magnetoresistive sensors to shorten the longest reproducing time and to
     suppress the degradation of the characteristics due to the
     electromigration, thereby improving the reliability of the magnetic
     recording drive, the magnetic recording drive includes circuits for
     averaging the useful life depending on the currents caused to flow through
     the respective magnetoresistive sensors among the plurality of magnetic
     heads, whereby the time required for the sense current to be caused to
     flow through one MR reproducing head is greatly shortened. Therefore, the
     levels of outputs of the MR reproducing heads can be increased without
     reduction of the reliability and thus the reliability of the magnetic
     recording drive can be improved."
"This invention relates to a multilayered magnetic structure comprising an
     alternate stack of:
layers (6, 16) of a first type based on magnetic materials,
layers (12) of a second type, made of Ag or an Ag rich alloy,
a thin interface layer (8, 14) of Co or a Co rich alloy being located at
     the interface between layers of the first type and layers of the second
     type.
The invention also relates to a process for making this type of structure.
Applications to sensors based on magnetoresistive effects, such as current
     sensors or magnetic heads."
"The magnetoresistance effect element is of a multilayered structure having
     at least magnetic layers and an intermediate layer of an insulating
     material, a semiconductor or an antiferromagnetic material against the
     magnetic layers, and the magnetoresistance effect element has terminals
     formed at least on the opposite magnetic layers, respectively, so that a
     current flows in the intermediate layer. The film surfaces of all the
     magnetic layers constituting the magnetoresistance effect element are
     opposed substantially at right angles to the recording surface of a
     magnetic recording medium. Therefore, the area of the magnetic layers
     facing the recording surface of the magnetic recording medium can be
     extremely reduced, and thus the magnetic field from a very narrow region
     of the high-denisity recorded magnetic recording medium can be detected by
     the current which has a tunneling characteristic and passes through the
     intermediate layer."
"An arrangement for a magnetoresistive sensor chip has two Wheatstone
      brid to determine the sine and cosine of the angle formed between a chip
     edge and the direction of the magnetic field. All resistances of the
     bridges consist of a plurality of magnetoresistive laminated elements (2)
     with current connections made of highly conductive thin films with
     parallel edges. When the resistances of a bridge are directly electrically
     interconnected, these edges form angles (5) of 90.degree. each. The
     parallel edges of the corresponding resistances of the sine and cosine
     bridges are mutually offset by 45.degree.. The magnetoresistive laminated
     elements (2) are distributed on the chip surface to reduce angle
     measurement errors to a minimum. Also disclosed are arrangements that
     allow the sensor chips to be used for measuring angles and positions."
"A magnetoresistance effect element exhibiting superb magnetic
     characteristics and anticorrosion characteristic is disclosed. The
     magnetoresistance effect element includes an antiferromagnetic layer
     composed of a material made of Ir, Rh and Mn in which an Ir content
     percentage is 2-6% by atom and a Mn content percentage is 71-78% by atom,
     or a material in which the Ir content percentage is 2-12% by atom and the
     Mn content percentage is 78-84% by atom."
"To conduct a three-dimensional MRA study of the coronary arteries, the
     locations in space of the arteries is determined using a scout MR study.
     Segments (composed of phase-encoding lines, three-dimensional partitions,
     or both) are created in the volume of interest, each one relating to a
     particular coronary artery of interest. MR data relating to each one of
     the segments are acquired during a single cardiac cycle, and at times when
     the individual coronary arteries of interest are relatively motionless.
     Advantageously, a paramagnetic contrast agent is used to increase the MR
     signal from blood, and the study is conducted during a single breath hold."
"The present invention is a method and apparatus for generating a skew or
     position offset signal for aligning the read element of an MR head with
     the centerline of written data, during a read operation. The disk has a
     plurality of tracks, one of which contains a calibration burst that allow
     the read element to be centered with the centerline of written data. This
     is accomplished by first writing the calibration burst on a predetermined
     number of sectors of the track. A profile of the calibration burst is
     obtained by micro-jogging the head from a first position that is -50% from
     the track centerline to a second position that is +50% of the track
     centerline, and sensing the magnitude of the calibration burst in various
     increments between the first and the second positions. For each
     microjogging position, the magnitude of the calibration burst is obtained.
     The microjogging position corresponding to the peak value of the
     calibration burst represents the offset between the read and the write
     elements. The offset signal is stored in memory and used in a servo
     routine to center the MR head during a read operation. The calibration
     burst may be included in a single track, a predetermined number of tracks,
     or on every track of the disk."
"RF coil apparatus is provided for use in an MR imaging system, wherein the
     B.sub.0 field is oriented in a specified direction. The apparatus
     comprises a coil structure positioned in selected relationship with the
     B.sub.0 field, the coil structure comprising a pair of elongated coil
     members in spaced-apart parallel relationship, and a selected number of
     lateral coil members positioned along the elongated coil members in
     spaced-apart parallel relationship with one another. A number of first
     capacitive elements, each of a first capacitance, are selectively
     positioned along the elongated coil members, and a second capacitive
     element is included in each of the lateral coil members, each of the
     second capacitive elements being of a second capacitance. A first coupling
     network operates the coil structure to selectively transmit and receive a
     first RF field component directed along a first axis which is orthogonal
     to the B.sub.0 field direction, the first RF field having a frequency
     determined by a specified relationship between the first and second
     capacitances. In like manner, a second coupling network operates the coil
     structure to selectively transmit and receive a second RF field component
     directed along a second axis which is orthogonal to both the B.sub.0 field
     direction and the first axis, the second RF field component having a
     frequency likewise determined by the relationship between the first and
     second capacitances, the first and second capacitances being respectively
     selected so that the frequencies thereof are equal."
"A soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element and a
     method for fabricating the soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR)
     sensor element. To practice the method, there is first provided a
     substrate. There is formed over the substrate a dielectric layer which has
     a first surface of the dielectric layer and a second surface of the
     dielectric layer opposite the first surface of the dielectric layer. The
     is also formed over the substrate a magnetoresistive (MR) layer in contact
     with the first surface of the dielectric layer. Similarly, there is also
     formed over the substrate a soft adjacent layer (SAL) in contact with the
     second surface of the dielectric layer, where the magnetoresistive (MR)
     layer, the soft adjacent layer (SAL) and the dielectric layer are planar
     and preferably at least substantially co-extensive. The invention
     contemplates a soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR) sensor
     element formed employing the method of the invention."
"A magnetoresistive head in which an antiferromagnetic material having
     superior corrosion resistance is used is disclosed. In the
     magnetoresistive head, a pair of anti-ferromagnetic layers 24a and 24b are
     formed while contacting with a soft magnetic layer 23, and the
     antiferromagnetic layers 24a and 24b are made of a PdMn film."
"A hydrogen sensor for the detection of hydrogen, e.g., in an environment
     susceptible to the incursion or generation of hydrogen. The sensor
     includes a rare earth metal thin film arranged for exposure to the
     environment and exhibiting a detectable change of physical property, e.g.,
     optical transmissivity, electrical resistivity, magneto-resistance, and/or
     photoconductivity, when the rare earth metal thin film is contacted with
     hydrogen gas. The sensor may include an output assembly for converting the
     physical property change to a perceivable output. The rare earth metal
     thin film may correspondingly be used for signal processing applications,
     in which the rare earth metal thin film is contacted with hydrogen gas,
     and a predetermined voltage signal is selectively imposed across the rare
     earth metal thin film, to selectively electrically switch the film between
     mirror and window states, with a response being generated according to
     which of the mirror and window states is present."
"A system for computer graphic determination and display of a patient's
     anatomy, as from CT or MR scanning, and stored along with associated
     equipment in an object field including the patient's anatomy. A first
     digitizing camera structure produces a signal representative of its
     field-of-view which defines coordinates of index points in its
     field-of-view. A second digitizing camera structure produces similar
     output for an offset field-of-view. The two camera positions are defined
     with respect to the patient's anatomy so that the fields-of-view of the
     cameras include both the patient's anatomy and the equipment, but are
     taken from different directions. Index markers are for fixing points in
     the fields of view and accordingly locate equipment relative to said
     patient anatomy. The index markers are provided by variety of structures
     including, light sources in various forms as reflectors, diodes, and laser
     scanner structures to provide a visible grid, mesh or cloud of points."
"A magnetoresistance effect device of the invention includes: a substrate;
     and a multilayer structure formed on the substrate. The multilayer
     structure includes a hard magnetic film, a soft magnetic film, and a
     non-magnetic metal film for separating the hard magnetic film from the
     soft magnetic film. The magnetization curve of the hard magnetic film has
     a good square feature, and the direction of a magnetization easy axis of
     the hard magnetic film substantially agrees to the direction of a magnetic
     field to be detected."
"A magnetic tunnel junction magnetoresistive read head has one fixed
     ferromagnetic layer and one generally rectangularly shaped sensing
     ferromagnetic layer on opposite sides of the tunnel barrier layer, and a
     biasing ferromagnetic layer located around the side edges and back edges
     of the sensing ferromagnetic layer. An electrically insulating layer
     separates the biasing layer from the edges of the sensing layer. The
     biasing layer is a continuous boundary biasing layer that has side regions
     and a back region to surround the three edges of the sensing layer. When
     the biasing layer is a single layer with contiguous side and back regions
     its magnetic moment can be selected to make an angle with the long edges
     of the sensing layer. In this manner the biasing layer provides both a
     transverse bias field to compensate for transverse ferromagnetic coupling
     and magnetostatic coupling fields acting on the sensing layer to thus
     provide for a linear response of the head and a longitudinal bias field to
     stabilize the head. The biasing layer may also be formed with discrete
     side regions and a back region. The discrete side regions may have a
     magnetic moment oriented in a different direction from the moment of the
     back region in order to provide the correct combination of transverse and
     longitudinal bias fields."
"A disk having a servo burst pattern used for generating PES curves for MR
     heads is disclosed. The disk has a plurality of tracks and each of the
     tracks has a track width. The servo burst pattern includes a first servo
     burst and a second servo burst forming a first servo burst pair; and, a
     third servo burst and a fourth servo burst forming a second servo burst
     pair. The second servo burst pair is circumferentially adjacent to the
     first servo burst pair. The third servo burst spans a distance of
     (TW/2+K(TW/2)), while the fourth servo burst spans a distance of
     ((TW/2+(2-K)(TW/2)). In the above equations, TW equals the track width and
     0&lt;K&lt;1. Furthermore, a method of generating a PES curve for a disk drive
     including an MR head and a magnetic disk having a servo burst pattern
     written thereon is also disclosed. The method includes the steps of (1)
     reading servo burst patterns from the magnetic disk, the servo burst
     patterns including first and second servo bursts which intersect at a
     first point, the first and second servo burst patterns having a width that
     is equal to one another, third and fourth servo burst patterns which
     intersect each other at a second point which is radially between the first
     point and another track centerline, the third servo burst pattern having a
     width equal to K(TW/2) and the fourth servo burst pattern having a width
     equal to (2-K)(TW/2) where 0&lt;K&lt;1 and TW is the track width; (2) centering
     the MR head at a position between the intersection of first and second
     servo bursts and intersection of third and fourth servo bursts; and, (3)
     obtaining a reading from the head after it has been centered."
"A preamplifier bias circuit for use in an AC coupled magnetoresistive read
     head amplifier which includes a pair of head contacts, a pair of amplifier
     inputs, a pair of coupling capacitors and a means for selectively shunting
     the amplifier inputs and rapidly charge the coupling capacitors. The pair
     of head contacts and the pair of amplifier inputs couple the preamplifier
     bias circuit to a magnetoresistive element and a read amplifier,
     respectively. Each of the coupling capacitors is connected between one of
     the head contacts and one of the amplifier inputs to block a static
     potential across the magnetoresistive element. The means for selectively
     shunting the amplifier inputs selectively provides a low impedance path to
     rapidly charge the coupling capacitors and clamps the amplifier inputs to
     a known potential. By selectively providing a low impedance path, the AC
     coupled magnetoresistive read head amplifier can be protected and its
     associated delay time prior to operation can be decreased."
"A read channel for use in a disk drive having an MR head. The read channel
     comprises a compensation device which has a high-pass filter (HPF) for
     compensating a thermal asperity (TA). The read channel suppresses level
     changes of a data signal which have resulted from TA disturbance present
     in the data signal. The read channel has a switch circuit connected to the
     input of the HPF, for canceling the DC undershoot present in the data
     signal. The switch circuit maintains the DC level of the data signal at
     zero level while a thermal asperity is being detected in the data signal."
"In a magnetoresistance multilayer film comprising at least two magnetic
     layers on a substrate, with a nonmagnetic layer intervening between the
     magnetic layers, each interface between the magnetic layer and the
     nonmagnetic layer is corrugated in both X and Y directions of a substrate
     major surface. The corrugations of the interface are formed by providing
     the substrate surface with a multiplicity of asperities distributed in
     both X and Y directions and depositing magnetic layers and nonmagnetic
     layers thereon. The film shows a linear rise of MR change in an applied
     magnetic field within a very low range of 0 to about 40 Oe."
"Apparatus and methods for calibrating a thermal proximity sensor are
     disclosed. Thermal responses from a thermal proximity sensor are used to
     sense the instantaneous distance between the sensor and a medium over
     which the sensor is moved, in a data storage system. Sensing the
     instantaneous distance results in detection of topographical variations on
     the medium. Calibration techniques for the sensor are disclosed herein and
     involve, in one aspect, using primarily electrical measurements to
     calibrate the sensor; and in another aspect, varying the distance between
     the sensor and the medium, obtaining actual thermal responses from the
     sensor, and using the actual responses (via direct comparison or curve
     fitting) to calibrate the sensor. In one embodiment, the sensor is a
     magnetoresistive access element used to access data on the medium."
"A method of for aligning step and repeat reticle images for 2 adjacent
     sliders for magnetoresistive (MR) devices. The invention forms 3 wafer
     alignment targets for two adjacent sliders . The 3 wafer alignment targets
     are used to align adjacent reticle exposure fields. An novel common
     alignment target is between the two sliders. The stepper alignment system
     uses the wafer alignment target placed in the field stitch area between
     two adjacent fields and the alignment target for that particular field to
     align the reticle. The method includes: forming (1) a first wafer
     alignment target in the first slider area; (2) a second wafer alignment
     target in the second slider area; and (3) a center wafer alignment target
     between the first and the second wafer alignment targets. Using a stepper,
     exposing the first slider area with the reticle image field. The first
     reticle image field having spaced first and second reticle alignment keys.
     The first alignment key is aligned with the first wafer alignment target
     and the second reticle alignment key is aligned with the center alignment
     target. Next, stepping and exposing the second slider area with a second
     reticle image field by aligning a first reticle alignment key with the
     center wafer alignment target and aligning the second reticle alignment
     key of the second reticle image field with the second wafer alignment
     target."
"A thin film magnetic head includes an inductive head and an MR head. The
     resistance of one magnetic shielding layer is higher than the resistance
     of an opposed shielding layer, to increase the efficiency of the recording
     magnetic field. In one embodiment, the rear area of the magnetic layer
     includes a notched portion. In another embodiment, the resistivity of the
     material in one magnetic layer is increased with respect to the
     resistivity of the material used in the opposing magnetic layer."
"A multitrack coupled element read head and a method for manufacturing such
     a read head are provided. The multitrack coupled element read head
     includes multiple coupled magnetoresistive read elements in a spaced
     relationship, and a support structure between a pair of coupled read
     elements, the support structure also being a magnetoresistive material.
     The read head also includes a closure material bonded on the plurality of
     coupled read elements and the support structure, where the support
     structure provides for substantially even pressure on the pair of coupled
     read elements such that shorting therein is eliminated."
"A magnetoresistive sensor element with a three-dimensional
     micro-architecture is capable of significantly improved sensitivity and
     highly localized measurement of magnetic fields. The sensor is formed of a
     multilayer film of alternately magnetic and nonmagnetic materials. The
     sensor is optimally operated in a current perpendicular to plane mode. The
     sensor is useful in magnetic read/write heads, for high density magnetic
     information storage and retrieval."
"The present invention is a method and apparatus for positioning a dual
     element magnetoresistive (MR) head relative to a storage medium in a
     storage device. The MR head has first and second MR elements. The storage
     medium is mounted in the storage device to allow relative movement between
     the MR head and the storage medium. The storage medium includes servo
     information provided to induce first and second thermal responses in the
     MR elements. A controller is coupled to the MR head and controls the
     relative movement between the MR head and the storage medium using the
     first and second thermal responses in the MR elements."
"An electromagnetic-field-focusing remote-field eddy-current probe for
     inspecting anomalies in a conducting plate. The probe is designed to have
     the electromagnetic energy released from an excitation coil penetrate
     through the plate twice, so that the signals received by one or more
     receiver units (pickup coils, magneto-resistors or SQUIDs) have passed
     twice through the plate wall; from one side of the plate at the excitation
     coil to the other side, then back to the original side at the receiver
     units. The probe detects flaws, with good and substantially equal
     sensitivity, irrespective of their depth in the plate. It can detect, from
     one side of a plate, flaws located on the other side of the plate, which
     is useful for inspecting the bottom plate of a huge tank which is sitting
     on the ground. The thickness of inspected plates can go up to one inch for
     aluminum plates and to 3/8"" for ferromagnetic plates. The probe generates
     a periodic magnetic field. The excitation coil and an auxiliary device
     direct the electromagnetic field into the plate being inspected. In one
     embodiment, the auxiliary device is a coil driven by a signal having a
     phase and amplitude relationship to the excitation coil's signal. The
     excitation and the receiver units are covered by one or more shields made
     of highly conducting materials, or of highly conducting materials
     laminated with alternating layers of ferromagnetic materials."
"The magnetic storage apparatus has a high reliability at a recording
     density of 2 gigabits or more per square inch. The longitudinal recording
     media necessary to realize the apparatus has a low media noise and is
     immune from the influence of thermal fluctuations. The magnetic storage
     apparatus has a longitudinal magnetic recording media including a magnetic
     layer which is formed on a substrate via a multi-layered underlayer; a
     driver for driving the recording media in a recording direction; a
     magnetic head including a recording section and a read-back section; a
     driver for moving the magnetic head relatively with respect to the
     longitudinal magnetic recording media; and a read/write signal processor
     for processing input signals to the magnetic head and output signal
     read-back therefrom. The read-back section of the magnetic head includes a
     magnetoresistive head. One layer of the multi-layered underlayer in the
     longitudinal magnetic recording media which is in contact with the
     magnetic layer has a substantially hexagonal close-packed (hcp) structure
     and has crystal grains whose c-axes are substantially parallel with the
     substrate plane."
"A magnetoresistance effect film is disclosed. This magnetoresistance effect
     film comprises a substrate, at least two ferromagnetic thin films stacked
     one over the other on the substrate with a non-magnetic thin film
     interposed therebetween, and an antiferromagnetic thin film arranged
     adjacent to one of the ferromagnetic thin films. The antiferromagnetic
     thin film is a superlattice formed of at least two oxide antiferromagnetic
     materials selected from NiO, Ni.sub.x Co.sub.1-x O
     (0.1.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.0.9) and C.sub.o O. A biasing magnetic field Hr
     applied to the one ferromagnetic thin film located adjacent the
     antiferromagnetic thin film is greater than coercive magnetic force
     Hc.sub.2 of the other ferromagnetic thin film."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) imaging method uses chemical shift and/or slice
     selective inversion pulse to create angiograms of coronary arteries. In
     one embodiment blood is doped with a contrast enhancement agent and a
     sequence of slice selective and chemical shift selective inversion pulses
     are applied. Detection RF pulses then generate an image signal. In another
     embodiment two sequential chemical shift inversion pulses are applied
     followed by detection RF pulses for imaging."
"A magnetoresistance effect head comprises a giant magnetoresistance effect
     film, a pair of leads to supply an electric current to the giant
     magnetoresistance effect head, and upper and lower magnetic shielding
     layers made of a crystalline soft magnetic film and disposed to hold the
     giant magnetoresistance effect film therebetween with a magnetic gap film
     intervened, wherein the surface roughness of an under layer of the giant
     magnetoresistance effect film is determined so that a center period L of
     the surface roughness satisfies L&gt;70 nm."
"A magnetic disc drive has a magnetoresistive element (26) for reading user
     data from concentric tracks of a rotatable magnetic recording disc (32).
     The magnetoresistive element has a resistance based on a magnetic field
     derived from user data and based on temperature of the magnetoresistive
     element. Heat generated by the bias current through the head is in part
     dissipated through the disc, the amount of heat dissipated being
     representative of disc/head spacing. The surface of the recording disc has
     contour elements (50, 52, 54) arranged in a pattern representing servo
     data, the contour elements having a height such that the spacing between
     the magnetoresistive element and the contour elements is different from
     the spacing between the magnetoresistive element and a nominal surface of
     the recording disc. As a result, a modulated signal (66) from the head
     contains a component representative of user data and a component
     representative of servo data."
"A test data is written in an arbitrary point p on a non-linear
     characteristics portion of a hysteresis characteristics of a piezo
     actuator by a write head and the written test data is read out by an MR
     head using the point p as a reference to detect a maximum read-out voltage
     to thereby obtain a drive voltage of the piezo actuator corresponding
     thereto. From the drive voltage of the piezo actuator thus obtained, a
     position of the MR head whose offset is to be corrected is detected. In a
     magnetic disk certifier, the position of the MR head is corrected by
     applying the drive voltage corresponding to the maximum read-out voltage
     to the piezo actuator and the written test data is read out thereby. Thus,
     the position of the MR head on the piezo actuator becomes that of the
     write head when the offset correction value is detected and it becomes
     possible to correct the offset of the MR head with respect to the write
     head."
"A method of testing a magnetic head with a spin-valve MR element which
     includes at least a pinned layer, a free layer and a non-magnetic layer
     for magnetically separating the pinned layer and the free layer. The
     method includes a step of measuring an output voltage of the spin-valve MR
     element under application of an external alternating magnetic field to the
     magnetic head in a direction parallel to a magnetization direction of the
     pinned layer, a step of obtaining a .rho.-H loop characteristics of the
     spin-valve MR element from the measured output voltage, and a step of
     judging pinned direction of the spin-valve MR element in accordance with a
     polarity of an inclination of the obtained .rho.-H loop characteristics."
"A device for detecting rotary movements includes a measuring data emitter
     that co-rotates with the part performing the rotary movement, and a
     stationary transducer which includes a magneto-resistive sensor element
     with a bias magnet. The measuring data emitter is an encoder having
     successive permanent magnet areas of alternating polarity in the direction
     of rotation (Y direction). The sensor element is arranged and the bias
     magnet is magnetized in such a way that, during rotary movement, in a
     preferred direction of the sensor element (Y direction) which is
     orthogonal to the magnetic field component (X direction) produced by the
     bias magnet, the magnetized areas cause a variable magnetic field
     component between the adjacent permanent magnet areas which is
     representative of the rotary movement and passes through the
     magneto-resistive sensor element in the Y direction."
"A magnetoresistive element uses a multilayer film where ferromagnetic
     layers and nonferromagnetic layers are layered on each other, wherein a
     permanent magnet layer is formed on the aforementioned multilayer film
     through one of the nonferromagnetic layers and a bias field is applied on
     the multilayer film."
"A spin valve effect MR sensor includes a spin valve effect multi-layered
     structure. This structure has a first thin film layer of ferromagnetic
     material with one and the other surfaces, a second thin film layer of
     ferromagnetic material with one and the other surfaces, a thin film spacer
     layer of nonmagnetic conductive material deposited between the one
     surfaces of the first and second ferromagnetic material layers, a thin
     film layer of anti-ferromagnetic material deposited on the other surface
     of the second ferromagnetic material layer, for pinning the second
     ferromagnetic material layer, a thin film layer of anti-diffusion material
     deposited on the other surface of the first ferromagnetic material layer,
     and a thin film current bypass layer of nonmagnetic conductive material
     deposited on the thin film anti-diffusion material layer."
"A method of manufacturing a thin film merged magnetic head including an
     inductive write structure and a magnetoresistive sensor uses a patterned
     protection layer to protect a second shield/bottom pole layer in regions
     spaced from the pole tip of the inductive write structure. A window is
     provided in the protection layer. During manufacture, the configuration
     comprises a first shield layer, a magnetoresistive element, a second
     shield layer serving as a bottom pole, a protection layer, a protection
     window, a write gap, a top pole, and a pole tip structure. The use of a
     protection layer and window results in the formation of channels in the
     second shield layer adjacent to a pedestal that supports the inductive
     write structure. The channels prevent magnetic flux from extending toward
     the second shield layer beyond the width of the pole tip structure. This
     structure reduces side writing with a consequent improvement in off-track
     performance. The width of the second shield layer allows the
     magnetoresistive element to be shielded."
"A low-noise toroidal thin film head (""TFH"") device has low coil resistance
     and inductance, especially suitable for very high magnetic recording areal
     densities and channel frequencies. The length of a toroidal coil turn is
     only about 20-30% that of the length of an average turn in the
     conventional planar spiral coil design. This allows either reduction of
     the device thermal noise (by about 6 dB) and/or increase of the device
     operational frequency bandwidth (by a factor of 3-5). The toroidal coil
     coupling efficiency between each turn and the magnetic core is practically
     100%, thereby improving the write and read-back efficiencies. In one
     embodiment a non-via large back-closure contact area is provided between
     the bottom and top magnetic poles along their entire back-side width, and
     all other open branches and loose ends in the magnetic circuit are
     eliminated. The magnetic core has a gradual, smooth toroidal (or a
     horse-shoe) shape with no loose ends, nooks, crevices, or sharp corners.
     The larger back-closure contact area decreases the magnetic core
     reluctance and improves the device efficiency. Utilization of a soft
     non-magnetic seed-layer, such as gold, eliminates interference noise due
     to the conventional magnetic (NiFe) seed-layer. Slight mechanical
     texturing (scratching) of the seed-layer along the intended easy axis
     helps to define and induce strong magnetic uniaxial anisotropy in the
     plated magnetic poles. All these features facilitate significant reduction
     of Barkhausen and other sources of device noise. Embodiments include
     conventional TFH's, Planar TFH's, Pinched-Gap TFH's, and various versions
     of Magnetoresistive (MR) TFH's."
"A magnetoresistive head includes a magnetoresistive element set back from
     the front end face of the head confronting a record medium for converting
     changes in a signal magnetic field leaking out from the record track of
     the record medium into changes in resistance. The magnetoresistive element
     is connected to a pair of terminals and a sense region is defined between
     both the terminals. The magnetoresistive element is magnetically coupled
     to a front flux guide, one end of which is exposed in the front end face
     of the head, at the other end of the same. The front flux guide is
     virtually in the form of a rectangle elongated in the direction of the
     width of the record track of the record medium so as to exceed the sense
     region of the magnetoresistive element."
"A magnetoresistive head in which Barkhausen noise is substantially
     suppressed and a variation in reproduction is minimized, and a magnetic
     disk apparatus using the same magnetic head have been provided. The
     feature of the magnetic head and the magnetic disk apparatus of the
     invention resides in the provision of a longitudinal bias layer which
     comprises a hard magnetic thin film formed on an underlayer made of either
     a ferromagnetic thin film having a body-centered cubic lattice crystal
     structure, or an amorphous ferromagnetic thin film or antiferromagnetic
     thin film having a body-centered cubic lattice crystal structure."
"A combined thin film magnetic head includes a first yoke magnetic head and
     a second type MR head a front gap is provided at a front end of the first
     yoke type MR head, and a second yoke type MR head is provided behind the
     first yoke type MR head. Consequently, the first yoke type MR head and the
     second yoke type MR head can be formed on the same substrate through the
     same process steps, and the number of manufacturing steps can be
     significantly reduced."
"A method of design of a magnetic recording slider and sensor geometry is
     disclosed which allows a magneto-resistive recording element to achieve a
     significantly reduced physical and magnetic spacing with a rigid magnetic
     recording disk in a disk drive, without resulting in thermal transients
     caused by sensor/disk contacts. The method utilizes pseudo-contact slider
     technology with an intentionally recessed MR sensor pole tip and alumina
     region. The reduced spacing achieved by pseudo-contact recording is
     significant compared to the spacing loss incurred by the proposed
     precision of the MR recording element, resulting in a net reduction in
     head medium magnetic spacing."
"A spin valve (SV) sensor having a Ni--Mn antiferromagnetic (AFM) layer, a
     pinned layer, a free layer and a spacer layer disposed between said free
     and pinned layers. The pinned layer is formed over and in contact with the
     antiferromagnetic (AFM) Ni--Mn layer where the combination of the AFM and
     pinned layers is first annealed before depositing the rest of the SV
     layers. Carrying out the annealing process of the combination of the AFM
     and pinned layers prior to deposition of the rest of the SV layers
     provides the exchange coupling field necessary to pin the pinned layer
     while avoiding thermal degradation of the SV sensor giant magnetoresistive
     effect."
"A controllable platform suspension system (20) for treadmills (18) and
     other platforms and devices therefor which exhibit controllability of the
     impact condition of the platform, such as a treadmill deck (36). In the
     treadmill application, user-selectable damping/stiffness is provided to
     simulate variable track conditions, such as pavement, rubber, grass,
     gravel, sand, and the like. The controllable suspension system (20)
     comprises spring mounts (40) or the like or a flexible deck (36) for
     allowing movement of the deck (36) relative to the frame (22) at a contact
     location (29) due to impact and a controllable device such as an
     Electrorheological (ER) device, Electrophoretic (EP) device,
     Electromechanical Hydraulic (Semi-Active) device, controllable mounting,
     or a Magnetorheological (MR) device, such as an MR brake (42a, 42a, 42b),
     MR damper (42d), or MR mount (42c, 42e, 42f) interconnecting between the
     frame (22) and platform (36) to provide the user-variable impact
     restraint. Various MR devices are described which exhibit controllability
     in a first direction (ex. bound) and substantially unrestricted motion in
     a second direction (ex. rebound)."
"A currency discriminating apparatus comprising an input receptacle for
     receiving a stack of currency bills and a transport mechanism for
     transporting the bills, one at a time, past a discriminating unit to at
     least one output receptacle. Each of the bills has a denomination
     associated therewith. The discriminating unit discriminates the
     denomination of the currency bills using a plurality of magnetoresistive
     sensors. Alternatively, a currency evaluation system that discriminates
     and authenticates bills based on a plurality of retrieved characteristics."
"A longitudinal bias layer and an electrode layer are formed on a
     non-magnetic material layer. The longitudinal bias layer and the electrode
     layer are partially removed by an etching technique so that a narrow gap
     defining the track width Tw is formed in the longitudinal bias layer and
     the electrode layer. Furthermore, a three-layer film consisting of, from
     bottom to top, a magnetoresistance effect layer, a non-magnetic layer, and
     a transverse bias layer, or otherwise a spin valve film consisting of a
     free magnetic layer, a non-magnetic layer, a fixed magnetic layer and a
     bias layer is formed on the above structure. The three-layer film or the
     spin valve film is then partially removed by an etching technique so that
     the three-layer film or the spin valve film remains only in the
     above-described narrow gap formed in the longitudinal bias layer and the
     electrode layer. The shape of the side walls of the three-layer film or
     the spin valve film is precisely determined by the side walls of the
     longitudinal bias layer and the electrode layer. The resultant three-layer
     film or the spin valve film exhibits excellent magnetic detection
     characteristics. Furthermore, the longitudinal bias layer has good
     magnetic coupling with the magnetoresistance effect layer."
"A magnetoresistive head includes a magnetoresistive effect element
     including a magnetoresistive film, which has a first ferromagnetic layer
     and a second ferromagnetic layer separated by a nonmagnetic layer. A
     magnetization direction of the first ferromagnetic layer is perpendicular
     to a magnetization direction of the second ferromagnetic layer when a
     signal magnetic field is zero. A pair of bias layers provide magnetic
     bias, and a top surface of each of the pair of bias layers faces a lower
     surface of each edge region of the magnetoresistive film. A pair of lead
     electrodes produce a current flow through the magnetoresistive film, and
     each of the pair of lead electrodes is disposed on or above the
     magnetoresistive film."
"A head assembly includes a suspension, a head slider having a
     magnetoresistive element mounted on a tip end of the suspension, and a
     pair of lead lines disposed on the suspension and having ends connected to
     the magnetoresistive element. The head assembly also has an easily
     breakable short circuit pattern disposed on the suspension and connecting
     said lead lines to each other. When the head assembly is handled by
     itself, because the lead lines are short-circuited by the short circuit
     pattern, a current produced due to an electrostatic charge buildup flows
     through the short circuit pattern and is prevented from flowing through
     the magnetoresistive element. After the head assembly is installed on an
     actuator arm, the short circuit pattern is broken, electrically
     disconnecting the lead lines from each other."
"A proximity magnetoresistive head slider and method of making the same are
     disclosed. The head slider includes a slider body having an air bearing
     surface (ABS). An inductive write transducer is formed at a first portion
     of the ABS. A cavity is formed in the slider body such that a first
     surface of the cavity forms a second portion of the ABS which is out of
     plane with the first portion of the ABS. A magnetoresistive (MR) read
     transducer is positioned in the cavity at the first surface such that the
     MR read transducer is recessed relative to the inductive write transducer,
     thereby preventing contact between the MR read transducer and a surface of
     a disc."
"Disclosed is a semiconductor device with a current detector, in which a
     semiconductor element for current-driving a load and a current-detecting
     element for detecting a driving current flowing through the semiconductor
     element are integrated on a common semiconductor pellet, and which has: a
     magnetoresistance effect element which has a two layer film composed of a
     magnetic film and a conductive film and means for supplying the two-layer
     film with a constant current and which has a resistivity depending on a
     magnetic field generated by the driving current; wherein the
     magnetoresistance effect element is vertically deposited above the
     semiconductor element to function as the current-detecting element."
"An optical tape including an optical recording layer for permitting
     information to be optically recorded thereon and a light-reflective
     magnetic layer. The light-reflective magnetic layer which reflects light
     projected onto the recording layer, also permits magnetic recording or
     magneto-optical recording to be performed thereon, thereby increasing a
     storage capacity of the optical tape remarkably. Further, the optical tape
     is provided with a layer to form guiding grooves for tracking control. The
     layer to form guiding grooves is made up of ultraviolet-hardening resin,
     photo-resist, or a photochromic material. For example, in the case of
     using ultraviolet-hardening resin, after a guiding groove pattern has been
     exposed by projecting an ultraviolet ray on a layer made up of
     ultraviolet-hardening resin, the exposed areas harden to form areas
     corresponding to guiding grooves between those exposed areas. The guiding
     grooves are formed by removing the areas corresponding to guiding grooves
     from the layer made up of the ultraviolet-hardening resin. Additionally,
     along with a guiding groove pattern, an index pattern can also be exposed.
     The guiding grooves thus formed do not reduce the recording density for
     information of the optical tape."
"Magnetic resonance apparatus includes an examination zone (29) for
     receiving an object (37) to be examined, a component (41) of an
     electrically non-conductive plastic material being located in the
     examination zone at least when the apparatus is in an operating condition.
     In order to reduce the visibility of this component (41) in MR
     experiments, the plastic material contains an additive of a paramagnetic
     material."
"A read/write head is structurally significantly less complicated than
     optical reading devices, requires minimal or no optical alignment, capable
     of writing at higher track densities, and has better control of the data
     and servo tracks than conventional magnetic heads. The head is also
     capable of using an available heat source and a relatively weak magnetic
     field, such as 300 Oersteds, to write data on a data storage medium. The
     combination of a magnetic read sensor with a near field magneto-optical
     (MO) write element creates a hybrid read/write head capable of high
     density recording with a high signal to noise ratio. The integration of
     the MO write element can be accomplished by various alternative or
     complementary methods. One method is to mount a heat source, such as a
     laser or light source on a slider with minimal or no additional optical
     components. Another method is to form an optical channel (or waveguide) in
     the slider and/or in the magnetic write element for directing a laser beam
     onto a target spot on, or within the data storage medium. Since
     magneto-optical recording requires a magnetic field of a few hundred
     Oersteds, the head utilizes write poles of magnetic materials operated at
     a low magnetic field. This is a significant simplification over existing
     magnetic and MO read/write heads, since the track width of the data
     storage medium is defined by the laser beam width and not by the pole
     width. In a preferred embodiment, a giant magneto-resistive (GMR) element
     is selected as a read element."
"A magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) having a novel circuit
     configuration (40) is provided. The MRAM device includes a plurality of
     magnetic memory cells in a memory array (41). The magnetic memory cell
     includes magnetoresistive layers separated by an insulating layer which
     forms a tunneling junction between the magnetoresistive layers. A sense
     line selector (42, 43) selects two memory cells (48) in which a sense
     current (66) is applied from a current source (45). Voltages generated
     over the memory cells are sensed and compared to predetermined threshold
     voltages to provide outputs (OUT1, OUT2) which correspond to states stored
     in the pair of the memory cells (48). This new MRAM device attains
     non-volatile random access memory with high-speed and high-density."
"A thin film magnetic head includes a magnetoresistive element portion
     movable over and relative to a magnetic recording medium for reading
     information stored therein, upper and lower shielding layers disposed with
     the magnetoresistive element portion therebetween for magnetically
     shielding the magnetoresistive element portion, and upper and lower gap
     insulative layers respectively interposed between the upper shielding
     layer and the magnetoresistive element portion and between the lower
     shielding layer and the magnetoresistive element portion. Each of the
     upper and lower gap insulative layers includes a hydrogen-incorporated
     film. The upper gap insulative layer has an increased hydrogen content and
     a reduced internal stress relative to the lower gap insulative layer."
"A transducer in a magnetic storage device includes an elongated
     magnetoresistive element having an active region. First and second
     electrical contacts couple to the elongated magnetoresistive element on
     opposite sides of the active region. A bottom inductive write pole and
     shared shield is positioned adjacent the elongated magnetoresistive
     element and includes a body region and a pole tip region proximate the
     active region. The shared shield includes a notch defined between the pole
     tip region and the body region to thereby improve magnetic stability in
     the pole tip region. A top inductive write pole is spaced apart from the
     bottom inductive write pole and shared shield to form a magnetic gap with
     the pole tip region for inductively writing information."
"The present invention is a method and apparatus for generating a skew or
     position offset signal for aligning the read element of an
     magneto-resistive (MR) head with the centerline of written data, during a
     read operation. The disk has a plurality of tracks each of which are
     divided into sectors. Two adjacent tracks are first erased and a
     calibration burst is written in the odd sectors, for example, the first
     and third sectors of one of the tracks. A calibration burst is also
     written in the even sectors, such as the second and fourth sectors of the
     adjacent track. Without adjusting the position of the MR head, the value
     of the calibration burst on the latter track is read. Since the read
     element is offset from the write element, it can read the values of the
     calibration bursts on the odd sectors of one track and the values of the
     calibration bursts on the even sectors of the other track. The average
     values of calibration bursts, E.sub.oddave and E.sub.evenave are obtained.
     An offset value corresponding to E.sub.oddave -E.sub.evenave =0 is
     obtained and an offset signal corresponding to this offset value is
     generated. A servo operation is then performed to align the center of the
     read element with the centerline of the written data. Alternatively, the
     value of the calibration burst E.sub.odd in the first odd sector, and the
     value of the calibration burst E.sub.even may be read to obtain an offset
     value corresponding to E.sub.odd -E.sub.even =0."
"A MR head amplifier of the present invention prevents a base potential of a
     transistor which supplies a current to a MR element from changing in a
     moment when the MR element changes from a write-state to a read-state. The
     MR head amplifier includes a loop amplifier that has a non-inverted input
     terminal connected to one end of a first transistor which supplies a
     current to a MR element and an inverted input terminal connected to one
     end of a second transistor which is supplied with a constant current
     through a constant current source. An output terminal of the loop
     amplifier is feedback to a base terminal of the first transistor via a
     first switch and one end of a capacitor whose other end is connected to a
     ground is connected to an output terminal of the first switch. The loop
     amplifier includes a second switch connected between the output terminal
     of the first switch and the base terminal of the first transistor, the
     second switch being closed during read-state and opened during
     write-state."
"A magnetoresistive transducer biasing technique that provides a uniform
     transducer biasing in a product. The technique provides biasing for
     transducer constant power dissipation, constant sensor current density
     biasing, constant sensor bias voltage, constant sensor temperature rise
     biasing, and constant effective magnetic biasing of a transducer."
"A device for detecting low magnitude electrical currents includes a
     generally toroidally-shaped member made of magnetic material that provides
     an air gap, and a magneto-resistive device in the form of a bridge located
     in the air gap for sensing a current flowing through a conductor that
     passes through the member. In order to reduce damage due to overcurrents,
     the member has a portion of reduced cross-sectional area to cause
     saturation of the member. The device can be used in an earth leakage
     current detector."
"The magnetic sensor comprise a multi-layer structure 10 including a
     ferromagnetic layer 12 of FeCo alloy, an insulation layer 14 of Al.sub.2
     O.sub.3 and a compound semiconductor layer 16 of GaAs. Circularly
     polarized light is irradiated to the compound semiconductor layer 16 to
     generate electrons. A dc voltage is applied to the ferromagnetic layer 12
     and the compound semiconductor layer 16 by a dc power source 20 while
     circularly polarized light is irradiated to the compound semiconductor
     layer 16. When a direction of an external magnetic field changes, a
     magnetization direction of the ferromagnetic layer 12 accordingly changes,
     and a magnetoresistance between the ferromagnetic layer 12 and the
     compound semiconductor layer 16 changes. Changes of the magnetoresistance
     are measured by a voltmeter 22."
"A soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element and a
     method for fabricating the soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR)
     sensor element. To practice the method, there is first provided a
     substrate. There is formed over the substrate a dielectric layer which has
     a first surface of the dielectric layer and a second surface of the
     dielectric layer opposite the first surface of the dielectric layer. There
     is also formed over the substrate a magnetoresistive (MR) layer in contact
     with the first surface of the dielectric layer. Similarly, there is also
     formed over the substrate a soft adjacent layer (SAL) in contact with the
     second surface of the blanket dielectric layer, where the magnetoresistive
     (MR) layer, the soft adjacent layer (SAL) and the dielectric layer are
     planar and preferably at least substantially co-extensive. The invention
     contemplates the soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR) sensor
     element formed through the method of the invention."
"A protective overcoat with improved corrosion resistance is sputter
     deposited on a magnetic thin film medium to effectively cover and seal the
     side walls of high aspect ratio roughness features. During sputter
     deposition, the disk is rotated about a y axis of an x-y plane and spun in
     the x-y plane while sputtering particles are impinged in a direction
     substantially along a z-axis perpendicular to the x-y plane. Embodiments
     include simultaneous or intermittent disk rotation and spinning. The
     sputtering technique is applicable to depositing corrosion resistance
     protective overcoats on thin film magnetic recording media and
     magneto-optical media."
"A shock sensor detects shocks from all directions in a plane. A
     shock-sensing member extends longitudinally and is housed in a case. The
     shock-sensing member is rotatably supported by a supporting pin at an
     off-center point in terms of mass of the shock-sensing member. The
     shock-sensing member has a magnet mounted on each of two diametrically
     opposing ends of the shock-sensing member. Each magnet opposes a
     magnetoresistive effect element fixed in the case. The magnetoresistive
     effect element may include four elements electrically connected in a
     bridge configuration. When the shock-sensing member receives a shock, the
     shock-sensing member rotates about the supporting member causing the
     magnetoresistive effect element to be subjected to a change in the
     magnetic field of the magnet. The output of the magnetoresistance changes
     with changes in the magnetic field and is processed by an output circuit
     which in turn outputs a sensor output accordingly."
"A method and apparatus for sensing a desired component of a magnetic field
     using an isotropic magnetoresistive material. This is preferably
     accomplished by providing a bias field that is parallel to the desired
     component of the applied magnetic field. The bias field is applied in a
     first direction relative to a first set of magnetoresistive sensor
     elements, and in an opposite direction relative to a second set of
     magnetoresistive sensor elements. In this configuration, the desired
     component of the incident magnetic field adds to the bias field incident
     on the first set of magnetoresistive sensor elements, and subtracts from
     the bias field incident on the second set of magnetoresistive sensor
     elements. The magnetic field sensor may then sense the desired component
     of the incident magnetic field by simply sensing the difference in
     resistance of the first set of magnetoresistive sensor elements and the
     second set of magnetoresistive sensor elements."
"A magnetic sensor for detecting the presence of a magnetic sample proximate
     a sensing region. A magnetoresistive element is positioned in a biasing
     region of the sensor which is spaced apart from the sensing region. A
     magnetic circuit provides a magnetic field to the sensing region and the
     biasing region. The magnetic field biases the magnetoresistive element
     positioned in the biasing region. A circuit detects changes in the
     magnetic field in the biasing region as a function of changes in the
     resistance of the magnetoresistive element whereby changes in the magnetic
     field caused by the presence of a magnetic sample proximate the sensing
     region are detected."
"A geomagnetic direction sensor has a plurality of magnetic cores for
     converging terrestrial magnetism arranged circumferentially with pre-set
     gaps, and magneto-resistive effect devices in the gaps so as to lie
     substantially at right angles to the direction of the magnetic field in
     the gaps. The geomagnetic direction sensor has at least a pair of
     magneto-resistive effect devices lying substantially at right angles to
     each other. The magnetic core is formed of a magnetic material having soft
     magnetic properties. The current is supplied to the excitation coils
     placed around the magnetic core for applying a bias magnetic field to the
     magneto-resistive effect devices. Another set of magneto-resistive effect
     devices are connected in series with the magneto-resistive effect devices
     arranged within the gap so as to be substantially parallel to the
     direction of the magnetic field."
"A magnetic sensor includes a DC power source, a multivibrator circuit
     composed of two CMOS inverters, a resistor, and a capacitor, each of the
     CMOS inverters being composed of a pMOS transistor and an nMOS transistor
     connected in series, and a magneto-impedance element. In a transition
     state attributable to switching operations of the CMOS inverters, a sharp
     pulse current is caused to flow through the magneto-impedance element so
     as to excite the magneto-impedance element sufficiently causing the skin
     effect, whereas in a steady state, the flow of the current is stopped by
     the CMOS inverters so as to reduce power consumption."
"A method is disclosed for calibrating a position error signal (PES) to
     overcome the problem of an amplitude signal that varies as a non-linear
     function of real displacement when the read transducer is positioned to
     either side of a null position where the PES equals zero. The amplitude
     signal and resulting PES is notably nonlinear while reading servo burst
     information with a Magneto-Resistive (MR) head which has nonlinear
     magnetic characteristics. The calibration according to this method may be
     performed at anytime without need for real displacement information from a
     servo track writer or any sort of special calibration track. The method
     involves positioning the MR head to a plurality of nominal partial track
     displacements on either side of the null position, measuring an open loop
     gain value for a particular frequency at each of the displacements,
     deriving the coefficients of a 3.sup.rd order polynomial ""gain"" curve that
     best fits the data, integrating the ""gain"" curve using the coefficients to
     obtain a 4.sup.th order ""position"" curve, and then correcting subsequent
     measured displacements. If sufficient memory is available, the x, y values
     may be stored in a lookup table. The correction is preferably
     accomplished, however, by ""inverting"" the 4.sup.th order position curve
     through a process of establishing a plurality of ""x, y"" values, swapping
     the axes of such values, and then fitting a new polynomial to the
     transposed data."
"A sensing device capable of outputting a correct signal precisely
     corresponding to a particular position (angle) of, for example a
     protruding or recessed portion of a rotating member made of a magnetic
     material as soon as the electric power of the sensing device is turned on.
     The sensing device includes: a magnet for generating a magnetic field; a
     rotary member of magnetic material for changing the magnetic field
     generated by the magnet, the rotary member being disposed at a
     predetermined distance apart from the magnet; a giant magnetoresistance
     device which changes in resistance in response to the magnetic field whose
     magnitude is changed by the rotary member of magnetic material; and a
     differential amplifier for detecting the displacement of said rotary
     member of magnetic material and also the relative position of said rotary
     member of magnetic material with respect to said giant magnetoresistance
     device when said rotary member of magnetic material is at rest, on the
     basis of the output signal of said giant magnetoresistance device."
"A tape-type magnetic recording medium is disclosed which is adaptable to a
     yoke-type magnetoresistance effect magnetic head and with which a dense
     recording operation can be performed and a signal reproducing method is
     disclosed for reproducing a signal recorded on the tape-type magnetic
     recording medium. The tape-type magnetic recording medium has a magnetic
     layer formed on a non-magnetic support member, wherein when an assumption
     is made that residual magnetic flux density of the tape-type magnetic
     recording medium is Br, the thickness of the magnetic layer is .delta.,
     the saturation magnetic flux density of a magnetoresistance effect device
     of a yoke-type magnetoresistance effect magnetic head serving as a
     reproducing head is Bs and the thickness of the magnetoresistance effect
     device is t, the following relationship is satisfied:
and coercive force Hc of the tape-type magnetic recording medium satisfies
     Hc.gtoreq.1500 (Oe)."
"A coil assembly for use in an optical or a magneto-optical data storage
     system includes an undercoat and an electrically conductive coil formed of
     a length of electrical conductor and deposited and secured to the
     undercoat by means of available wafer processing techniques. The
     conductive coil terminates in two bonding pads for providing electrical
     connection to the coil, such that the coil is capable of sustaining an
     electrical current in excess of approximately 300 mA. The coil is also
     capable of generating a vertical magnetic field intensity greater than, or
     equal to approximately 200 Oersteds, and has a resistance of less than, or
     equal to approximately 2 ohms. The coil assembly further includes a yoke,
     and an insulation layer which encapsulates at least part of the conductor.
     The conductor is formed of a plurality of multi-layered turns, such that a
     first layer is connected to one contact pad and is looped helically,
     inwardly, and terminates in an innermost turn with a terminal end. A
     second layer includes an innermost terminal end that overlays the
     innermost terminal end of the first layer, in order to establish an
     electrical contact therewith, and to ensure the continuity of the
     electrical path formed by the coil. The second layer is coiled into a
     plurality of concentric helical turns, similar to, and in a same coiling
     direction as the first layer. The conductor is made of a electrically
     conductive material and has a substantially uniform square cross-sectional
     area along its entire length."
"A MR element includes a MR layer with a strip shape extending in a track
     width direction. The MR layer has a surface located at a front end edge of
     the layer, to be opposed to a magnetic medium, and a tapered portion
     located at a rear end edge of the layer. In order to define the height of
     the MR layer, a length of the tapered portion along a direction
     perpendicular to the track width direction (L) is determined to
     substantially 1/5 or less, preferably 1/10 or less of a distance between
     the front end edge and the rear end edge of the MR layer (h.sub.MR)."
"An MR read head has first and second lead layers protected by first, second
     and third insulation layers in addition to the first and second insulative
     gap layers substantially all the way from the side edges of an MR sensor
     to terminals. The first and second insulation layers do not extend outside
     of the first and second lead layer sites so that greater heat dissipation
     can be realized from the MR sensor. Each lead layer comprises first and
     second lead layer films. Where these films overlap for electrical
     connection their top and bottom surfaces are protected by the first and
     second insulation layers and their edges are protected by the third
     insulation layer. Where the first lead layer film extends from the second
     lead layer film toward the respective terminal its bottom surface is
     protected by the first insulation layer and its top surface and its side
     edges are protected by the third insulation layer. Only three masks are
     required for fabricating or constructing these components. The first
     liftoff mask is employed for defining the first insulation layer and the
     first lead layer film. The second liftoff mask is employed for depositing
     the second lead layer film on the first lead layer film with an end of the
     second lead layer film for defining the track width of the MR sensor and
     making a contiguous junction with a respective side edge of the MR sensor
     and then depositing a second insulation layer on the second lead layer
     film. A third liftoff mask is employed for masking the MR sensor site and
     the second lead layer film of the first and second lead layers so that the
     height of the MR sensor can be defined and the third insulation layer
     deposited."
"The present invention relates to a magnetoresistive head capable of
     converting a change in a magnetic field generated by a magnetic recording
     medium into a change in electric resistivity by utilizing spin valve
     magnetoresistance effect to read signal information. The magnetoresistive
     head comprises a first magnetic layer, a second magnetic layer formed on
     the first magnetic layer through a first nonmagnetic metal layer and
     magnetized in one direction, a third magnetic layer formed on the second
     magnetic layer through a second nonmagnetic metal layer, and an electric
     current supplying layer for applying a constant current to at least the
     third magnetic layer, the second nonmagnetic metal layer and the second
     magnetic layer in one of the same direction as and the opposite direction
     to the direction of magnetization of the second magnetic layer."
"A magnetoresistive magnetic head comprises a first magnetic shielding layer
     formed on an underlying layer, a first nonmagnetic insulating layer formed
     on the first magnetic shielding layer, a magnetoresistive device formed on
     the first nonmagnetic insulating layer, first and second leads formed on
     the first nonmagnetic insulating layer to be connected to both sides of
     the magnetoresistive device respectively, a second nonmagnetic insulating
     layer formed to cover the first and second leads and the magnetoresistive
     device, a second magnetic shielding layer formed on the second nonmagnetic
     insulating layer to be positioned over the magnetoresistive device, and a
     resistor element buried in at least one of the first and second
     nonmagnetic insulating layers to electrically connect the first lead to
     either the first magnetic shielding layer or the second magnetic shielding
     layer."
"A signal reproducing circuit includes a magneto-resistive effect head
     having one end thereof coupled to a first power supply line, for
     reproducing data recorded on a magnetic recording medium in a read
     operation. A first constant current source is coupled between another end
     of the head and a second power supply line, for supplying the head with a
     sense current in the read operation. First and second transistors have
     collectors thereof coupled to the first power supply line, and are
     responsive to voltage signals obtained from both ends of the head,
     respectively. Second and third constant current sources are coupled
     between each emitter of the first and second transistors and the second
     power supply line, respectively, for supplying the first and second
     transistors with a predetermined constant current in the read operation. A
     capacitor is connected between each emitter of the first and second
     transistors. A control circuit responsive to a read/write control signal
     controls respective ON/OFF timings of the first to third constant current
     sources. The control means controls at least one signal reproducing
     circuit portion corresponding to nonselected heads to be brought to a read
     state when a signal reproducing circuit portion corresponding to a
     selected head is in a write state."
"A method and apparatus adaptively controls the bias supply source for
     magnetoresistive (MR) read heads within a Direct Access Storage Device
     (DASD) to provide an optimized bias level for the ambient temperature. An
     optimal bias level for a given ambient temperature is provided in real
     time by sensing a temperature within a thermal path to the head (e.g., the
     ambient temperature surrounding the head) and adjusting the bias supply
     level to the maximum allowable level for that temperature. This adjustable
     bias level will thereby enhance MR transducer head sensitivity, improve
     the signal-to-noise ratio, and also reduce errors in reading data from
     magnetic storage media within the DASD. The maximum allowable bias supply
     source level is controlled so as to preserve the overall life expectancy
     of the MR heads."
"The invention relates to an MR method with reduced motion artefacts in
     which the displacement of a pulsating object, or of a part thereof, which
     is present in an examination zone is continuously measured relative to a
     reference position, and in which the reconstruction of an MR image
     utilizes exclusively MR signals acquired from the examination zone while
     the displacement from the reference position reaches or falls below a
     threshold value. This gating is enhanced in accordance with the invention
     in that prior to the acquisition of the MR signals there are generated
     phase encoding gradients k.sub.y) which act on the examination zone with
     different time integrals and that the threshold value (v.sub.s) can be
     varied in dependence on the respective phase encoding gradient (k.sub.y)."
"An exchange-coupling film has an antiferromagnetic film consisting of an
     antiferromagnetic alloy such as an RMn alloy or an RMnFe alloy (R is at
     least one kind of element selected from Ir, Rh, Pt, Au, Ag, Co, Pd, Ni,
     Cr, Ge, Ru and Cu) and a ferromagnetic film stacked with the
     antiferromagnetic film. The antiferromagnetic film is oriented in its
     plane. Further, the antiferromagnetic film has a large grain diameter of
     such as 5 nm or more. The antiferromagnetic film can be obtained by
     forming a film with an alloy target of which oxygen content is 1% by
     weight or less. An exchange-coupling film using such an antiferromagnetic
     film has exchange-coupling force enough large at room temperature and high
     temperature region together with excellent corrosion resistance or heat
     resistance. The exchange-coupling film is provided with an electrode for
     energizing an electric current to the ferromagnetic film and is used as,
     for example, a spin valve type magneto-resistance effect element."
"Single-channel magnetic head having a head face (1) which extends in a
     first direction (I) in which a magnetic record carrier (3) is relatively
     movable with respect to the magnetic head, and in a second direction (II)
     transverse to the first direction. The magnetic head has a structure of
     layers which, viewed in the first direction, are situated one on top of
     the other and extend substantially in the second direction and a third
     direction (III) transverse to the first and the second direction. The
     structure is provided with a magnetoresistive measuring element (5), a
     first magnetic element (7) and a second magnetic element (9). Both
     magnetic elements are electrically conducting, while the measuring element
     is arranged electrically in series between the two magnetic elements for
     passing a measuring current (i) through the measuring element
     substantially in the third direction. Each magnetic element has an
     electric contact face (7a, 9a). To obtain a stable single-channel magnetic
     head having a narrow, well-defined scanning width, at least one magnetic
     element extending as far as the head face has an extensiveness which is
     larger in the second direction than in the third direction. This
     extensiveness in the second direction is also larger than the effective
     width (w) of the measuring element. In the third direction, the relevant
     magnetic element has a larger relative magnetic permeability
     (.mu..sub.rIII) than in the second direction."
"An improved magneto optical current transducer for measuring electrical
     current is taught that significantly reduces birefringence resulting from
     thermal transients and construction-induced stresses. The transducer
     includes a housing made of a material that readily transfers heat
     throughout itself. Inside the housing and surrounding the magneto optical
     material is a buffer made of a material that does not readily tranfer heat
     from the housing to the magneto optical material, but rather slows its
     transference to that material material. The buffer material has a thermal
     expansion coefficient that is preferably very close to that of the magneto
     optical material, so that when the magneto optical material responds to
     changes in its temperature by expanding or contracting, the buffer expands
     with it at very nearly the same rate to avoid stresses. Finally, either
     spring-loaded elements or resilient material-backed elements are
     positioned between the housing and the buffer to evenly resist
     translational movement of the magento optical material but to allow
     expansion of it so that stresses due to thermal expansion are minimized."
"A magnetoresistive sensor fabricated by creating first antiferromagnetic
     layers on the upper surfaces of a lower-gap layer, the antiferromagnetic
     layer having first and second exposed portions separated by a track width
     formed by the upper surface of the lower-gap layer. Then, a free magnetic
     layer, a nonmagnetic electrically conductive layer, a pinned magnetic
     layer and a second antiferromagnetic layer are stacked on the first
     antiferromagnetic layers and a portion on the track width one after
     another. Since the free magnetic layer is created after the first
     antiferromagnetic layer, the free magnetic layer and the first
     antiferromagnetic layer are adhered to each other with a high degree of
     reliability. When the direction of magnetization in the free magnetic
     layer is changed by an external magnetic field, the electrical resistance
     of the magnetoresistive sensor also changes. The change in electrical
     resistance is, in turn, used for detecting the external magnetic field.
     Since the first antiferromagnetic layers put the free magnetic layer in a
     single-domain state in the X direction, the amount of Barkhausen noise can
     be reduced."
"An occupant weight sensing system has a seat pan which is rigidly mounted
     to a seat frame which attaches to a vehicle body. A seat cushion on which
     the occupant sits is positioned over the seat pan. A rigid frame is
     positioned above the seat pan and receives and supports the weight of the
     occupant. The rigid frame is supported on four sensors which in turn are
     mounted on the seat pan. The sensors collectively measure the weight
     supported by the rigid frame and thus determine the weight of the seat
     occupant. The sensors used to measure the weight of the seat occupant can
     be of two basic types. The first type is a load cell which experiences
     very little displacement and directly measures the imposed load. The
     second type of sensor employs a spring, the spring constant of which
     controls the amount of displacement for a given load. A Magnetoresistive
     Effect (GMR) displacement sensor measures the amount the spring is
     compressed."
"A shock sensor detects shocks from all directions in a plane. A coil
     produces a magnetic field. A magnetic fluid is sealed in a closed
     container located in the magnetic field. A magnetoresistive effect element
     is also is located in the magnetic field and opposes the magnetic fluid.
     The magnetic fluid moves relative to the magnetoresistive effect element
     when the magnetic fluid receives a shock. When the magnetoresistive effect
     element is subjected to a change in magnetic field, the resistance of the
     magnetoresistive effect element changes. The magnetoresistive effect
     element may be formed of four elements in a bridge configuration and the
     output of the bridge is processed in an output circuit. The output circuit
     outputs a sensor output when the magnetic fluid moves relative to the
     magnetoresistive effect element."
"The object of the invention is to provide an equalizer capable of
     generating an equalized output compensated in the non-linearity of the
     signal reproduced by an MR head and a reliable high-density magnetically
     recorded-signal reproducer. An equalizer of an FIR-type filter structure
     comprises a plurality of delay elements for delaying input signals by a
     certain period, a plurality of coefficient processing units provided to
     input or output taps of the delay elements, and an adder for obtaining the
     sum of the outputs of the coefficient processing units, in which the
     distortion of the reproduced waveform can be corrected by a relatively
     simple circuit structure by comparing the signal value inputted to the
     coefficient processing unit from each tap with a predetermined threshold
     level and changing the signal value and a coefficient value to be
     multiplied in accordance with the comparison result. Therefore, any one of
     various existing signal processing systems can be applied to the decoding
     of reproduced signals of an MR head having the non-linear characteristic."
"An inductive/MR composite type thin film magnetic head which realizes high
     speed, high density recording while at the same time preventing the
     occurrence of read-out error by reducing NLTS. In one embodiment an
     inductive/MR composite type thin-film magnetic head is equipped with [a]
     an inductive head used for writing in which a magnetic gap layer, a
     conductive coil and insulating layers are laminated between upper and
     lower magnetic films, and [b] a magnetic resistance (MR) head used for
     read-out consisting of an MR element sandwiched between an upper shield
     which also serves as the aforementioned lower magnetic film, and a lower
     shield, the aforementioned conductive coil is formed in the shape of a
     solenoid which is wrapped around the aforementioned upper magnetic film by
     forming a lower coil part consisting of numerous segments on the surface
     of the first insulating layer, and then forming an upper coil part
     consisting of numerous segments from a point above a second insulating
     layer, upper magnetic film and third insulating layer laminated on the
     surface of the lower coil part, so that the respective end portions of the
     segments of the upper coil part are alternately connected with the
     respective end portions of the segments of the lower coil part."
"A magnetic head having a magnetoresistive head having a spin valve
     structure in which a composite magnetic layer of a rotatable magnetizing
     direction layer and oxide or the like is used for a lower shielding layer
     and/or an upper shielding layer and a magnetic disk apparatus using such a
     head are disclosed. According to the invention, a magnetic head having a
     head of a magnetoresistance effect type generating a high output with low
     noises and a magnetic disk apparatus having a large quantity with high
     recording density can be realized."
"A magnetic recording/reproducing device has an inductive write element
     provided with a coil and magnetic cores for recording information on a
     medium, a magnetoresistive read element for transducing a change in a
     magnetic field leaking from a medium, on which information is recorded,
     into an electrical signal, a detector for detecting an output signal of
     the read element, a bias field applying unit for applying a bias field to
     the read element, and a recording/reproducing operation controller for
     reproducing information based on an output signal from the read element
     and for controlling the recording current applying unit based on an
     inputted signal to record information. The recording/reproducing operation
     control unit has a stabilizing unit for controlling the bias field
     applying unit to make an absolute value of the bias field in a state where
     a magnetic field leaking from the medium is applied to the read element
     larger than that during a normal reproducing operation."
"MR imaging apparatus includes a magnet (1) for generating in an examination
     zone (3) a uniform, steady magnetic field having substantially parallel
     lines of force extending in a first direction (Z), a gradient coil system
     (5) for generating a magnetic gradient field, and an RF coil system for
     generating RF pulses and for receiving MR signals. The apparatus also
     includes devices (25,27,31) for generating data from the MR signals, and a
     reconstruction unit (39) for reconstructing an MR image of the examination
     zone (3) from a set of the data. A patient support system includes a table
     top (7) drive means (11) configured for displacement of the table top in
     the first direction (Z), and a connection (43) for coupling the drive
     means and the control unit (29). The magnet (1) has a generally
     toroidal-shaped housing (15) surrounding a bore (17) and has a
     longitudinal axis (19) extending substantially parallel to the first
     direction (Z). The housing (15) has a radial thickness (r) in a direction
     transverse to said axis (19) and a longitudinal thickness (1) in a
     direction substantially parallel to said axis, the radial thickness being
     greater than the longitudinal thickness."
"A spin valve type magnetoresistance effect film comprises a magnetic
     multilayered film including a non-magnetic metal layer, a ferromagnetic
     layer formed on one surface of the non-magnetic metal layer, a soft
     magnetic layer formed on the other surface of the non-magnetic metal
     layer, and an antiferromagnetic layer which is formed on a surface of the
     ferromagnetic layer remote from a surface thereof abutting the
     non-magnetic metal layer so as to pin a direction of magnetization of the
     ferromagnetic layer. The antiferromagnetic layer contains oxygen as
     impurities and a concentration of oxygen contained in the
     antiferromagnetic layer is set to 1 to 2,000 atomic ppm. With this
     arrangement, there can be provided a magnetoresistance effect film having
     a high-quality antiferromagnetic layer which is excellent in thermal
     stability, sufficiently high in blocking temperature and highly excellent
     in pinning effect. Further, there can be provided a magnetoresistance
     effect type head which is excellent in thermal stability, high in magnetic
     field sensitivity and large in MR change ratio."
"A currency evaluating device for receiving a stack of currency bills,
     rapidly discriminating the bills in the stack and then re-stacking the
     bills which comprises an input receptacle, a transport mechanism for
     transporting in the direction of the narrow dimension of the bills from
     the input receptacle to one of a plurality of output receptacles, at a
     rate in excess of about 800 bills per minute, and a discriminating unit
     for determining the denomination of each bill. The device may also include
     an authenticating unit for determining the genuineness of the bills. The
     authenticating unit may detect by use of a plurality of magnetoresistive
     sensors or may detect by ultraviolet light. Alternatively, a currency
     counting and evaluation device comprises an input receptacle, a transport
     mechanism for transporting the bills in the direction of the narrow
     dimension to one of a plurality of output receptacles at a rate in excess
     of about 800 bills per minute, a stationary optical scanning head, means
     for sampling, a memory for storing characteristic signal samples and a
     signal processor."
"A digital data memory having a bit structure in a memory cell based on an
     intermediate separating material with two major surfaces having thereon a
     magnetoresistive, anisotropic ferromagnetic thin-film of differing
     thicknesses. These bit structures are fabricated within structural extent
     limits to operate satisfactorily, and are fabricated as series connected
     members of storage line structures. A corresponding conductive word line
     structure adjacent corresponding ones of these memory cells is used for
     selecting or operating them, or both, in data storage and retrieval
     operations. Bit structures can be fabricated with further alternating
     intermediate separating, material layers and varied thickness
     ferromagnetic thin-film layers, and a configuration thereof can be
     provided for use as an isolated memory cell."
"A magneto-resistance effect magnetic head having a magneto-resistance
     device arranged for causing the reproducing current to flow
     perpendicularly to a recording medium, wherein recesses are formed in a
     recording medium facing surface of the magnetic head on both ends thereof
     in the track width direction of the magneto-resistance device."
"In a magnetoresistive thin film head including a magnetoresistive element,
     lead layers for supplying a sense current to the magnetoresistive element
     and an insulating layer provided in the vicinity of the magnetoresistive
     element, the insulating layer is formed of a material which has an
     electrical resistivity greater than 1.times.10.sup.4 .OMEGA.cm and a
     thermal conductivity greater than 100 W/(mK). The insulating layer may be
     formed of silicon, diamond-like carbon or the like so as to have an
     electrical resistivity and a thermal conductivity within the ranges
     defined above."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer having an exchange layer adjacent a
     soft adjacent layer (SAL). The exchange layer generates a transverse bias
     field which saturates the SAL with little or no sense current."
"A magnetoresistive sensor in the magnetic storage device includes a
     magnetoresistive element for sensing magnetic fields carried on storage
     medium. A cooling device is thermally coupled to the magnetoresistive
     element and arranged to conduct heat in a direction away from the
     magnetoresistive element to thereby cool the magnetoresistive element
     during normal operation of the storage device."
"Scandium-substituted thallium manganese pyrochlore compounds having
     increased magnetoresistance compared to unsubstituted compounds are
     disclosed. Such compounds are suitable for use in magnetic read heads and
     provide the choice of resistivity range."
"The low-field magnetoresistance of a high carrier mobility semiconductor
     with inhomogeneities which are more conducting than the surrounding
     semiconductor material matrix is significantly enhanced compared to the
     magnetoresistance of the homogeneous material. The enhancement results
     from a magnetic field induced geometric effect in which current is
     expelled from the conducting inhomogeneity. The enhanced giant
     magnetoresistance is demonstrated at low field in (near) zero-band-gap
     material, such as Hg.sub.1-x Cd.sub.x Te(x.about.0.1). The effect is
     applied to the fabrication of magnetic read head sensors such as Corbino
     disc, bar magnetoresistance sensors and thin film sensors."
"An electrostatic discharge protection device is disclosed for use with a
     magnetic read-write transducer. The electrostatic discharge protection
     device electrically interconnects the conductive elements of
     magnetoresistive and inductive heads to provide a low resistance
     conductive path placing the conductive elements at a substantially equal
     electrical potential thus minimizing electrostatic discharge. The
     electrostatic discharge protection device provides an electrical path
     between the conductive elements which is manually or automatically
     removable upon connection to a mating element. The electrostatic discharge
     protection device has a resilient inward biased to connect the
     electrically conductive elements such that a ground is established between
     them and is removed automatically upon insertion of the conductive
     elements into a mating receptacle which is interposed between the
     conductive elements and the electrostatic discharge protection device or
     is manually disconnected."
"A magnetoresistive element comprises an n-type emitter layer, a p-type base
     layer, and an n-type collector layer, the three layers being so arranged
     as to form a pn-junction with each other, an emitter ferromagnetic layer
     formed in contact with the n-type emitter layer, a base ferromagnetic
     layer formed in contact with the p-type base layer, a power source for
     applying, by way of the emitter ferromagnetic layer, a forward bias
     voltage between the n-type emitter layer and the p-type base layer, a
     power source for applying a backward bias voltage to the n-type collector
     layer and the p-type base layer and a power source for applying, by way of
     the base ferromagnetic layer, a bias voltage so as to inject minority
     carriers into the p-type base layer."
"A process for producing magnetoresistive transducers, using
     microlithographic techniques, where the transducers have magnetic metallic
     multilayers deposited by sputtering or by molecular beam epitaxy, and
     forming columns whose side walls will be covered with an insulation and
     whose tops will be free of this insulation, such that a current is able to
     flow in the magnetoresistive transducers perpendicular to the plane of the
     layers so as to exploit a phenomenon of perpendicular giant
     magnetoresistance. This process includes a step of producing, on one
     surface of a substrate, a stack including a first conductive layer in
     contact with a substrate and successive magnetic layers and non-magnetic
     metallic layers constituting a magnetic metallic multilayer in contact
     with the conductive layer. The process also includes steps of producing a
     second conductive layer on the magnetic metallic multilayer, producing a
     first resin mask having the dimensions of a magnetoresistive sensitive
     element to be produced and etching, around the mask, the second conductive
     layer and the magnetic metallic multilayer. Subsequently, the process
     includes steps of depositing an insulation layer removing the resin mask
     with the insulation layer lying on the resin mask, and forming an
     electrical contact on the second conductive layer."
"A magnetic head includes a magnetoresistive read transducer which comprises
     a central active region and two end regions. Bias current leads are
     connected respectively to end regions for current biasing of the
     transducer. Signal sensing leads is also are connected respectively to end
     regions for directing sensed voltage to a signal amplifier. The bias
     current and the sensed signal assume separate electrical paths. The
     current crowding effect in the bias current path does not affect the
     signal sensing path. Thus the transducer can sense signal with improved
     sensitivity and high signal-to-noise ratio. In one embodiment, at each end
     region, the bias current lead and the signal sensing lead are coplanar and
     are bifurcated to effectuate separate electrical paths. In another
     embodiment, the signal sensing lead and the bias current lead are
     electrically connected together via an electrical feedthrough at each end
     region, but are dielectrically separated by an insulating layer at other
     regions."
"A spin-valve magnetoresistive element comprises an antiferromagnetic layer,
     a pinned magnetic layer, a nonmagnetic electrically conductive layer and a
     free magnetic layer formed in that order, and biasing layers formed on
     both sides of at least the free magnetic layer, the magnetization vector
     in the pinned magnetic layer being fixed by exchange anisotropic coupling
     with the antiferromagnetic layer, the biasing layers unifying the
     magnetization vector in the free magnetic layer in a direction
     perpendicular to the magnetization vector in the pinned magnetic layer,
     and a conductive path conducting a sensing current to the pinned magnetic
     layer, the nonmagnetic electrically conductive layer and the free magnetic
     layer. The antiferromagnetic layer extends to outer regions on both sides
     of the pinned magnetic layer, the nonmagnetic layer and the free magnetic
     layer. The biasing layers are formed on the antiferromagnetic layer. The
     top faces of the outer regions lie below the bottom face of the pinned
     magnetic layer, and the top faces of the biasing layers parallel to the
     deposited layers lie above the bottom face of the free magnetic layer in
     the sensing gap direction perpendicular to the deposited layers."
"A magnetoresistive head of the present invention comprises a non-magnetic
     layer formed on a soft magnetic layer used for applying a linearizing
     bias, a ferro-magnetic magnetoresistance layer formed only on the
     non-magnetic layer in a sense area, a pair of magnetic domain control
     magnetic layers formed on both sides of the ferro-magnetic
     magnetoresistance layer and on the non-magnetic layer to control magnetic
     domains of the ferro-magnetic magnetoresistance layer, and conductive
     leads connected to the pair of magnetic domain control magnetic layers."
"A recording/reproducing apparatus for a magneto-resistive (MR) head having
     a playback amplifier, including a capacitor for a dc feedback low-pass
     filter for do feedback to an initial-stage transistor, and a differential
     amplifier (gm amplifier), and a switching device for the gm amplifier and
     for the initial-stage amplifier operable at the time of recording/playback
     switching. The timing of the switching device is deviated for shortening
     the switching time interval. To this end, an output of the initial-stage
     transistor of a playback amplifier for a MR head is compared to reference
     voltage Vref by a gm amplifier and the low-pass filter is constituted by
     transconductance gm of the gm amplifier and the capacitance of the
     capacitor, with the dc output of the gm amplifier being fed back to the
     base of the initial-stage amplifier. The delay in switching time by the
     charging of the capacitor caused by the difference in the rise time of the
     initial-stage transistor and the gm amplifier is deviated by the control
     signal from a control circuit to control the initial-stage transistor and
     the gm amplifier."
"For providing a magnetoresistive read transducer capable of increasing the
     output by the increase of current, reduced with noises and having a
     durability, a magnetoresistive read transducer comprising a substrate and
     laminated thereon, a lower shield, a first gap layer, a thin film
     magnetoresistive element portion, a longitudinal bias layer, an electrode
     portion and an upper shield, each in a predetermined pattern successively,
     in which the entire resistance value of the electric conduction including
     the contact resistance of the electrode portion 7 is set within 1.2 times
     of a theoretical resistance value calculated based on the specific
     resistivity of the layer, in which a polysilicon layer is laminated
     between the magneto resistive film and the longitudinal bias layer."
"According to the present invention, a magnetic multilayered film includes
     an oxide antiferromagnetic layer, a pinned ferromagnetic layer which is
     pinned by the oxide antiferromagnetic layer, a non-magnetic metal layer
     and a free ferromagnetic layer which are stacked on a substrate in order.
     A surface roughness Ra of the oxide antiferromagnetic layer at the side of
     the pinned ferromagnetic layer is set to no greater than 0.6 nm, and a
     crystal grain size D of the oxide antiferromagnetic layer is set to a
     value in the range of 10 to 40 nm. Thus, the magnetic multilayered film
     has the large exchange-coupling magnetic field and MR ratio and MR
     sensitivity. The magnetic multilayered film may be applied to a
     magnetoresistance effect element which may also applied to a
     magnetoresistance device, such as, a magnetoresistance effect type head.
     The magnetoresistance effect element having such a magnetic multilayered
     film is capable of obtaining high outputs. The magnetoresistance effect
     type head having such a magnetoresistance effect element which is
     excellent in current efficiency and capable of detecting signals
     magnetically recorded in high density, particularly in ultrahigh density
     exceeding 3 Gbit/inch.sup.2 and further obtaining large outputs."
"A magnetoresistance effect device and a magnetic head according to the
     present invention exhibit preferable magnetic characteristics and an
     excellent corrosion resistance.
The magnetoresistance effect device includes an antiferromagnetic body
     formed in a fcc (face-centered cubic) structure and in an irregular phase
     and having a composition of A.sub.X --Mn.sub.1-X wherein A is at least one
     of Rh and Ru, and X is in a range from 0.05 to 0.25; and a ferromagnetic
     body whose magnetization state is controlled by the antiferromagnetic
     body.
Moreover, the magnetic head includes an antiferromagnetic body formed in a
     fcc (face-centered cubic) structure and in an irregular phase and having a
     composition of A.sub.X Mn.sub.1-X wherein A is at least one of Rh and Ru,
     and X is in a range from 0.05 to 0.25; and a ferromagnetic body whose
     magnetization state is controlled by the antiferromagnetic body."
"A word line structure, and method of manufacture therefor, for a
     monolithically formed magnetoresistive memory device having a magnetic
     field sensitive bit region. In a preferred embodiment, the word line
     structure includes a dielectric layer having an etched cavity formed
     therein, wherein the cavity has a bottom surface and two spaced side
     surfaces. A magnetic field keeper is provided adjacent to the back and/or
     side surfaces of the cavity. A conductive word line is also provided in
     the cavity and adjacent to the magnetic field keeper to at least
     substantially fill the cavity. A polishing step may be used to remove any
     portion of the magnetic field keeper and/or conductive word line that lie
     above the top surface of the dielectric layer to provide a planer top
     surface."
"A reproducing element for use in a high density coupled element read head,
     and a method for manufacturing such an element are provided. The
     reproducing element includes an insulative layer and a magnetoresistive
     element in contact with the insulative layer. The reproducing element also
     includes a support element in contact with the magnetoresistive layer, the
     support element having a hardness sufficient to substantially prevent
     damage to the magnetoresistive element during mechanical processing and
     during movement of a tape across a surface of the magnetoresistive
     element. The method includes depositing an insulative layer on a
     substrate, and depositing a magnetoresistive material on the insulative
     layer, the magnetoresistive material forming a read element. The method
     also includes depositing a material on the read element, the material
     forming a support element and having a hardness sufficient to
     substantially prevent damage to the read element during mechanical
     processing or during movement of a tape across a surface of the read
     element."
"The invention relates to a system for reading magnetic information,
     comprising at least one read head H0 provided with two magnetoresistive
     rods (MR10, MR20) whose electrical resistivities (RMR10, RMR20) vary in
     mutually opposite senses when they are subjected to a same variation in
     magnetic field. According to the invention, the reading system comprises a
     detection module DET which comprises two resistors R of substantially the
     same resistance value, an amplifier A having one input and one output, and
     a comparator Cp having two inputs and one output. Each resistor R has a
     terminal connected to the output terminal (M10, M20) of one of the
     magnetoresistive rods, while the other terminals of the resistors are
     interconnected so as to form a common junction point NC. The voltage of
     the common junction point NC is amplified and compared with a reference
     voltage Vref by the comparator Cp. The output of the comparator Cp signals
     an accidental contact between the read head and a foreign body or asperity
     which may be present on the surface on which the information is stored."
"The process of the present invention is used to form resist features (22)
     having controlled predefined cross-sectional profiles, and is particular
     useful for forming features having reentrant profiles (24). In the
     process, a layer of a basic agent is formed on the substrate surface (20).
     Thereafter, a resist layer is formed on the layer of basic agent, causing
     at least a portion of the basic agent to diffuse into regions of the
     resist layer. The resist layer is exposed to radiant energy through a mask
     to form a patterned resist layer, which is developed to form resist
     features (22) having reentrant profiles (24) at those regions of the
     resist layer containing the diffused basic agent. The reentrant resist
     features (22) formed by the present method facilitates manufacture of
     magnetic heads, magnetoresistive sensors (102), and electronic components."
"Disclosed is a magnetoresistive film which includes an antiferromagnetic
     layer, a first amorphous ferromagnetic layer, a crystalline ferromagnetic
     interlayer disposed between the antiferromagnetic layer and the first
     amorphous ferromagnetic layer, a nonmagnetic conductive layer provided on
     the first amorphous ferromagnetic layer and a ferromagnetic layer provided
     on the nonmagnetic conductive layer."
"Repeat fixation for medical procedures is accomplished using a non-invasive
     locator, specifically a bite plate. The bite plate has at least three
     fiducial markers on it. The fiducial markers may be LEDs, radiopaque
     markers for angiography or computerized tomography (CT) imaging or
     magnetic resonance markers for magnetic resonance (MR) imaging. By
     detecting the position of the markers, the position of features within the
     patient (such as a brain tumor or other intracranial target to which
     radiation is to be applied) can be determined with great precision. Since
     the bite plate has been molded to uniquely fit to the patient's teeth, it
     may be removed after an initial imaging of the patient. The bite plate may
     then be re-attached one or more times to the teeth. An alternate
     embodiment uses a head ring or head holder such as a head mask system with
     the LEDs thereon. The head ring is useful for single fraction treatments.
     A comparison is made between the relative patient position and the
     position of a medical device and a desired relative positioning. One or
     more error signals are the result of the comparison and are used for
     display purposes such that a person may manually null or minimize the
     errors or as feedback control signals for automatic error correction."
"A magnetic disk apparatus includes a dual head equipped with an MR head for
     reading data and an inductive head for writing the data. One ID portion
     and one servo pattern are disposed in one sector and an unequal track
     pitch is formed. The ID portion is formed at the center of a radius of two
     positions to which the MR head is positioned at the time of reading the
     data and writing the data, respectively."
"A magnetoresistive transducer biasing technique that provides high common
     mode rejection ratio (CMRR) for a dual MR sensor head, while providing for
     short-circuit protection of the sensor elements within the head for
     short-circuits between the head and a disk."
"A magnetic detecting apparatus is capable of performing accurate waveform
     processing without being affected by noise signals or the like, the level
     shifting circuit thereof having a fixed voltage shift so as to be free of
     varying amplitudes of analog signals. Waveform shaping circuitry for
     turning an analog signal detected from a giant magnetoresistive element
     into a pulse signal includes: the level shifting circuit for generating an
     amplified voltage (V1) of analog signals and a voltage (V2) which is
     higher than the voltage (V1) and a voltage (V3) which is lower than the
     voltage (V1); a circuit which alternately retains the minimum value of the
     voltage (V2) and the maximum value of the voltage (V3) as a reference
     voltage; and a comparator circuit which compares a voltage resulting from
     adding a hysteresis to the voltage (V1) with the reference voltage and
     issues a pulse signal. The level shifting circuit is constituted by
     resistors inserted between the output terminal of the voltage (V1) and the
     output terminals of the voltages (V2, V3), and constant-current circuits
     connected in series with the resistors."
"RF receiving coil device used in a magnetic resonance imaging apparatus
     capable of acquiring a tomographic image of an object under examination
     positioned in a static magnetic field along a predetermined direction
     including quadrature detection coils for detecting an MR signal component
     along a direction perpendicular to a body axis direction of the object
     under examination and also perpendicular to a direction of the static
     magnetic field, and for detecting another MR-signal component along the
     body axis direction."
"A digital data memory having a bit structure in a memory cell based on an
     intermediate separating material with two major surfaces having thereon a
     magnetoresistive, anisotropic ferromagnetic thin-film of differing
     thicknesses. These bit structures are fabricated within structural extent
     limits to operate satisfactorily, and are fabricated as series connected
     members of storage line structures. A corresponding conductive word line
     structure adjacent corresponding ones of these memory cells is used for
     selecting or operating them, or both, in data storage and retrieval
     operations."
"A combination read/write thin film magnetic head includes an upper-core
     layer and a lower-core layer sandwiching a gap layer for writing data on a
     recording medium. The head also includes a magnetoresistive sensor layer
     for reading data from the recording medium. The magnetoresistive sensor
     layer is sandwiched by a lower-shielding layer and the lower-core layers,
     which also serves as an upper shielding layer. Each of the layers is
     arranged in parallel to one another. The width of the upper-core layer
     defines the width of a recording track. The width of the gap layer is made
     equal in length to the width of the upper-core layer to reduce magnetic
     leakage outside the recording track at the gap layer. The lower-core layer
     includes a prominence and a lower-core body. The prominence is made
     narrower to reduce magnetic leakage outside the recording track between
     the upper-core layer and the prominence. The lower-core body has slanted
     surfaces extending away from the upper-core layer. The slanted surface
     reduce magnetic leakage outside the recording track between the upper-core
     layer and the lower-core body."
"An inductive-write magnetoresistive-read horizontal head for magnetic
     recording having two polarization conductors. The two polarization
     conductors are used to simultaneously activate a MR sensor and to disable
     the write head during the read back process to eliminate the secondary
     read back signal from the inductive-write head. During the read process,
     the current through a first conductor biases the MR stripe while current
     through the second conductor generates an applied field to switch the
     magnetization of the Permalloy (NiFe) in the write head pole and reduce
     the permeability. The head incorporates write-wide read-narrow head
     attributes and has the reliability advantages associated with yoke or
     recessed MR or GMR structures. The magnetoresistive stripe may be disposed
     directly in the gap of the heads or it may be recessed."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) head and a method are disclosed providing a
     longitudinal bias layer and conductor leads at end regions of sensor
     elements to form a sensor region between the end regions. A uniform
     longitudinal bias thin film layer is deposited overlaying the entirety of
     the upper MR sensor, and a uniform conductor thin film layer is deposited
     overlaying the entirety of the longitudinal bias thin film layer. A
     photoresist process is conducted over the conductor thin film layer to
     develop a mask of the end regions and to expose a central region between
     the end regions. A reactive-ion-etching process completely etches the
     conductor thin film layer in the exposed central region to expose the
     longitudinal bias layer in the central region, the photoresist mask is
     removed, and an ion milling process of the exposed longitudinal bias layer
     at the central region reduces the bias layer from a ""bias"" critical
     thickness to a ""null"" critical thickness to free the MR sensor elements,
     thereby forming a defined sensor region of the underlying MR sensor
     elements at the exposed longitudinal bias layer at the central region."
"A magnetoresistance effect element provided with a spin valve film composed
     of a first magnetic layer formed on a metallic buffer layer, a middle
     non-magnetic layer formed on the first magnetic layer, and a second
     magnetic layer formed on the non-magnetic layer, has an atomic-diffusion
     barrier layer whose average thickness is 2 nm or less formed in the
     interface between the metallic buffer layer and the first magnetic layer.
     Or a magnetoresistance effect element provided with a spin valve film
     composed of a first magnetic layer composed of a laminated film of a
     magnetic undercoat layer and a ferromagnetic layer, a middle non-magnetic
     layer formed on the first magnetic layer, and a second magnetic layer
     formed on the middle non-magnetic layer, has an atomic-diffusion barrier
     layer whose average thickness is 2 nm or less formed in the interface
     between the magnetic undercoat layer and the ferromagnetic layer."
"A magnetic encoder that allows the power consumption to be reduced has a
     first member 1 magnetized at pitches .lambda. and a second member 2
     disposed so as to be relatively movable to the first member 1. The second
     member 2 has at least four MR devices Ma1, Mb1, Ma2, and Mb2 with phases
     that differ from by .lambda./4 each. The MR devices Ma1, Mb1, Ma2, and Mb2
     are connected as a bridge circuit. Thus, a displacement detecting circuit
     30 that outputs two-phase sine wave signals INA and INB is structured. The
     detecting circuit 30 is intermittently activated by analog switches Sa1,
     Sb1, Sa2, and Sb2 driven by a first clock CK1. The output signals INA and
     INB of the detecting circuit 30 are sampled by sample hold circuits 41a
     and 41b, respectively. The sampled values are compared by comparators 42a
     and 42b, whereby binary data is obtained. The comparators 42a and 42b each
     have a bias circuit 44 that is intermittently driven by a second clock
     CK2."
"A spin valve type multilayered magnetic structure has Fe-base soft magnetic
     crystalline layer having a mean grain size equal to or less than 30
     nanometers and sandwiching a non-magnetic spacer layer, and the Fe-base
     soft magnetic crystalline layer is expressed as Fe-M-B where M is at least
     one transition metal selected from the group consisting of Sc, Ti, V, Cr,
     Y, Zr, Nb, Mo, La, Hf, Ta and W and B is selected from the group
     consisting of C, B and N; and the spin valve type multilayered magnetic
     structure achieves a large magnetoresistance ratio equal to or greater
     than 10."
"A magnetoresistive film having a spin valve multi-layer structure has low
     electrical resistance and high sensitivity. In the magnetoresistive film,
     an under-layer, a first ferromagnetic layer, a non-magnetic layer, a
     second ferromagnetic layer, and an antiferromagnetic layer are laminated
     on a substrate in this order. The magnetization direction of the second
     ferromagnetic layer is fixed by the antiferromagnetic layer, and the
     magnetization direction of the first ferromagnetic layer is not fixed. The
     average grain size of the first ferromagnetic layer ranges from 8 to 14
     nm."
"A head and neck positioner and immobilizer having an over-arm structure
     that can be reproducibly attached to a couch, either CT or MR imaging
     couch or a treatment couch as for a LINAC radiosurgery system. The
     positioner enables adjustable immobilization of the patient's head. The
     over-arm accepts a graphic reference with fiducials such as points, rods,
     or diagonals that can reference a selected target position determined from
     tomographic imaging, such as CT or MRI slices or imaging data, to the
     over-arm or to the couch onto which the arm is attached. Alternately, a
     target localizer or positioning device can be attached to the over-arm or
     to the couch to which the arm is attached for positioning the coordinates
     of the selected target position as determined using the image scan data
     with the graphic reference fiducials observed in it. The target localizer
     enables referencing of external apparatus, such as the collimator for
     X-ray radiation from a LINAC, to be directed to the physical position of
     the selected target position with reference to the LINAC couch."
"A high speed and high density magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM)
     device (30) is provided. The MRAM device employs a poly-silicon word line
     (39a) that saves wiring space. Further, the word line is connected to a
     digit line (38a) by a connecting line (44a) which reduces a electrical
     resistance between transistors (43a) and (40a). Arrangement of the
     connecting line reduces a transmission time from a digit current control
     (33a) to transistor (43a) and greatly improves a memory cycle time."
"A soft adjacent layer (SAL) vertically biased magnetoresistive (MR) sensor
     is disclosed. The SAL biased sensor includes at least three permanent
     magnet (PM) tabs (hereafter referred to as tabs). An MR sensor layer is
     disposed in relation to the tabs such that each of the tabs is spaced
     apart along a width of the MR sensor layer such that each of the tabs is
     in electrical and magnetic contact with the MR sensor layer to thereby
     stabilize the MR sensor layer. Preferably, a SAL is disposed in relation
     to the tabs such that each of the tabs is also spaced apart along a width
     of the SAL such that each of the tabs is in electrical and magnetic
     contact with the SAL. A spacer layer is formed between the MR sensor layer
     and the SAL."
"A magneto-resistance effect device (MR device) in which stable
     magneto-resistance characteristics may be achieved even if a layer of a
     soft magnetic material is reduced in width. The MR device includes a layer
     of a soft magnetic material 1, a rear end electrode 4, connected to one
     longitudinal end of the layer of a soft magnetic material 1, and a forward
     end electrode 5 connected to the opposite end of the soft magnetic
     material 1. On both ends of the layer of the soft magnetic material 1 are
     arranged magnetic domain stabilizers 2, 3 generating a bias magnetic field
     having a component parallel to the direction of width of the layer of a
     soft magnetic material 1. If the bias magnetic field sufficient to
     overcome the longitudinal magnetostatic anisotropy can be impressed, the
     direction of magnetization D.sub.f of the mono-layer soft magnetic
     material 1 is oriented in the direction of width. The electrical
     resistance of the magnetic domain stabilizers 2, 3 is selected to be
     larger than that of the soft magnetic material 1 for suppressing loss of
     the sense current i. The MR device 10 can be applied with advantage to a
     so-called vertical type MR head."
"The present invention provides a magnetoresistive sensor comprising a
     magnetoresistive film (MR film) having a magnetic field response portion;
     a pair of leads on the MR film to supply sensing current to the MR film;
     and upper and lower (first and second) magnetic shield layers arranged so
     as to sandwich the MR film through a magnetic gap film, respectively. The
     pair of lead layers is deposited on the side of the magnetic field
     response portion, i.e., a portion of the MR film between the pair of the
     leads is the magnetic field response portion. The lead layer respectively
     provides multi-stage tapered portions, comprising a first tapered portion
     having a steep angle with respect to the MR film surface, and a second
     tapered portion having a shallow angle with respect to the MR film surface
     and provided continuously with the first tapered portion."
"The invention is a method of calibrating a position error signal (PES) to
     overcome the problem of a measured displacement or PES that varies as a
     non-linear function of real displacement when the read transducer is
     positioned to either side of a null position where the PES equals zero.
     The PES is notably nonlinear while reading servo burst information with a
     Magneto-Resistive (MR) head which has nonlinear magnetic characteristics.
     The method uniquely calibrates the measured PES to provide a corrected PES
     without requiring any knowledge of the actual displacement from the
     position where the measured PES equals 0. The calibration according to
     this method, therefore, may be performed at anytime without need for real
     displacement information from a servowriter or any sort of special
     calibration track. The method involves positioning the MR head to a
     plurality of predetermined, measured displacements corresponding to
     partial track increments of real displacement of unknown magnitude on
     either side of the null position, measuring a PES gain value at each of
     the plurality of measured displacements, and then correcting subsequent
     measured displacements based on the plurality of measured displacements
     and corresponding PES gain values. The correcting step is preferably
     accomplished by using the measured displacements and corresponding PES
     gain values to establish coefficients of a correction function c(y) which
     substantially provides unity gain relative to real displacement over a
     limited range of measured displacements. The preferred correction function
     c(y) is a partial sum Fourier series."
"A tape servo system includes tape having bands of tracks including at least
     one data band having a plurality of data tracks of track pitch P and a
     servo band dedicated for servo information. The servo band includes two or
     more noncontiguous servo tracks with each pair of adjacent servo tracks of
     the two or more noncontiguous servo tracks having a center to center
     separation equal to M*P, wherein M for each pair of adjacent servo tracks
     may be any integer .gtoreq.2. The system may further include a head
     assembly having a single magnetoresistive read element tapped to provide
     at least (K+1) tapped servo read elements for use in reading servo
     information written to the servo band; wherein K is equal to the integer M
     for the pair of adjacent servo tracks having the greatest center to center
     separation and a repositioning assembly for repositioning the head
     assembly as a function of the servo information. Further, the center to
     center separation between pairs of adjacent servo tracks of the two or
     more noncontiguous servo tracks may be different for at least two pairs of
     adjacent servo tracks. A servo tracking data recording tape with two or
     more noncontiguous servo tracks having center to center separation between
     pairs of adjacent servo tracks being different for at least two pairs of
     adjacent servo tracks is also provided along with a method for servo track
     identification for use therewith. Further, track read/write head
     assemblies wherein the servo read and write elements are along the same
     gap lines as the data read and write assemblies, respectively, are
     provided."
"A giant magnetoresistive assembly includes a first film fabricated of a
     ferromagnetic material having a first predetermined thickness, a second
     film fabricated of a non-ferromagnetic material formed to said first film
     having a second predetermined thickness greater than said first
     predetermined thickness, and a third film fabricated of a ferromagnetic
     material formed to the second film having a third predetermined thickness
     wherein the third predetermined thickness differs from the first
     predetermined thickness."
"A thin film magnetic head made of material having the magneto-resistance
     (MR) effect and its manufacturing method are provided. A lower shield
     layer for magnetically shielding an MR film is formed with a trench of a
     gull-wing shape having a flat bottom surface and opposite slanted surfaces
     formed on both sides of the bottom surface. The MR film is formed on the
     lower shield layer conformal to the gull-wing shape. The region of the MR
     film on the flat bottom surface forms an effective magnetic active region.
     A track center shift and the generation of a side-lobe in the off-track
     characteristic specific to an MR head can be suppressed and high density
     recording and reproducing of narrow tracks are possible."
"The present invention relates to circuitry for processing an analog read
     signal, such as a signal produced by a magnetoresistive head, in a
     magnetic data storage system. The circuitry processes the analog signal
     before the signal reaches the detector which converts the analog signal
     into a digital signal representative of the data originally stored on the
     magnetic medium. In one embodiment, the invention comprises circuitry for
     equalizing the amplitudes of the positive and negative pulses in the
     analog read signal. In another embodiment, the invention comprises
     circuitry for reducing the baseline shift of the analog read signal. The
     invention may be used in magnetic data storage systems using any
     conventional data detection method."
"A magnetic recording apparatus comprising a perpendicular recording medium,
     a recording head for perpendicular magnetization the perpendicular
     magnetization film of the recording medium, to thereby recording signals
     on the recording medium, and a reproducing head of magnetoresistance type
     for reading signals from the recording medium. The medium comprises a
     substrate, an underlayer formed on the substrate, and a perpendicular
     magnetization film formed on the substrate and having a crystal phase of a
     CoPt-based alloy and a compound phase of material selected from the group
     consisting of Co oxide, Co nitride and Co carbide."
"A magnetoresistive element includes a first magnetic layer; and laminations
     of a second magnetic layer, a non-magnetic layer and a third magnetic
     layer. The laminations are adjacent to the first magnetic layer. The
     second magnetic layer and the third magnetic layer have different coercive
     forces, wherein the first magnetic layer is selected from CoCrTa, NdFe,
     and alloys thereof."
"A spin valve magnetoresistive multi-layered structure includes a first type
     magnetic layer which magnetization is free to rotate in accordance with an
     external applied magnetic field, a non-magnetic spacer layer adjacent to
     said first type magnetic film, and a second type magnetic layer adjacent
     to said non-magnetic film so that said second type magnetic layer is
     separated by said non-magnetic spacer layer from said first type magnetic
     layer, wherein said second type magnetic layer has a facet single crystal
     grain structure with a uniform crystal orientation whilst the first type
     magnetic layer is free of any facet single crystal grain structure with a
     uniform crystal orientation."
"The invention is a method of calibrating a position error signal (PES) to
     overcome the problem of a measured displacement or PES that varies as a
     non-linear function of real displacement when the read transducer is
     positioned to either side of a null position where the PES equals zero.
     The PES is notably nonlinear while reading servo burst information with a
     Magneto-Resistive (MR) head which has nonlinear magnetic characteristics.
     The method uniquely calibrates the measured PES to provide a corrected PES
     by measuring the PES while slowly moving the MR head at a constant radial
     velocity, determining the actual displacement corresponding to each
     measured PES, and comparing the measured PES with the ideal PES for the
     corresponding displacement to develop a correction table for providing a
     corrected PES when given a measured PES. The method uniquely relies on the
     standard servo burst data and may, therefore, be performed at anytime
     without need for a servowriter or any sort of special calibration track."
"A recording/reproducing apparatus for a magneto-resistive (MR) head having
     a playback amplifier, including a capacitor for a dc feedback low-pass
     filter for dc feedback to an initial-stage transistor, and a differential
     amplifier (gm amplifier), and a switching device for the gm amplifier and
     for the initial-stage amplifier operable at the time of recording/playback
     switching. The timing of the switching device is deviated for shortening
     the switching time interval. To this end, an output of the initial-stage
     transistor of a playback amplifier for a MR head is compared to reference
     voltage Vref by a gm amplifier and the low-pass filter is constituted by
     transconductance gm of the gm amplifier and the capacitance of the
     capacitor, with the dc output of the gm amplifier being fed back to the
     base of the initial-stage amplifier. The delay in switching time by the
     charging of the capacitor caused by the difference in the rise time of the
     initial-stage transistor and the gm amplifier is deviated by the control
     signal from a control circuit to control the initial-stage transistor and
     the gm amplifier."
"A low noise preamplifier design which is configured such that the current
     through the first stage load resistor may be made relatively small in
     value making it possible to achieve a relatively large gain in the first
     stage thereby reducing the noise contribution of the load resistor and,
     concurrently, significantly reducing the noise contribution of the second
     stage as well. This is effectuated by supplying a substantially fixed
     amount of current to certain nodes in the first stage of the preamplifier
     through a pair of current sources, the currents being of an amount
     sufficient to subtract out the bias current that is applied through a
     series connected variable resistance, such as that of a magnetoresistive
     (""MR"") read head. As a consequence, only a relatively small amount of
     current is actually fed through the load resistor, and its value may be
     increased to provide an increased gain for the first stage. Therefore, the
     noise contribution of the load resistor and the second stage may be
     rendered relatively negligible."
"A low power communications bus uses a current source at one end of a
     transmission line, and a driver at the other end of the transmission line
     which generates a logic state based on the sensed current level. The
     invention is particularly suited for interconnecting a computer processor
     and its on-board caches. The driver at the load end of the transmission
     line includes an induction coil, and a magnetoresistive element located
     adjacent the coil. Separate ground planes can be provided for the coil and
     the magnetoresistive element, to avoid ground loops."
"An inductive head structure provided in a magnetoresistance effect
     composite head includes an inductive head and a magnetoresistance effect
     head, the inductive head structure including a magnetic gap layer
     sandwiched by first and second magnetic layers acting as magnetic poles,
     the first magnetic layer being positioned close to the magnetoresistance
     effect head, the magnetic gap layer being made of a non-magnetic and
     electrically insulative material, wherein the non-magnetic and
     electrically insulative material has a higher etching rate to reactive ion
     etching than at least a magnetic material of the second magnetic layer."
"A robust, automatic volume registration process based on intensity
     gradients successfully performs registrations under conditions of
     unrelated intervolume voxel intensities, significant object displacements
     and/or significant amounts of missing data. The process allows a user to
     visualize the registration convergence, clearly illustrating any source of
     registration errors. The process includes steps of matching, based on
     iteratively finding a correspondence of the closest voxels containing a
     high three-dimensional (3D) intensity gradient magnitude. The process is a
     powerful method of sequence-independent MR volume registration which is
     simple to both use and understand."
"A Magnetoresistive Random Access Memory (MRAM) device (10) and a method for
     manufacturing the MRAM device (10). The MRAM device (10) has a plurality
     of pairs of sense lines (21A, 21B, 22A, 22B, 23A, 23B, 24A, 24B), a
     plurality of pairs of memory cells (51A, 51B), and a plurality of word
     lines (31, 32, 33, 34). For two adjacent sense lines (21A, 22A), a first
     end of the first sense line (21A) is placed adjacent to a second end of
     the second sense line (22A) and a second end of the first sense line (21A)
     is placed adjacent to a first end of the second sense line (22A). Decoding
     transistors (82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89) are connected to the second
     ends of the plurality of pairs of sense lines (21A, 21B, 22A, 22B, 23A,
     23B, 24A, 24B)."
"An upper magnetic layer and a lower magnetic layer of an inductive magnetic
     conversion element constitute pole tips which face opposite each other
     over a gap layer at their front end portions and have a back gap portion
     for completing a thin film magnetic circuit at the rear. A
     magnetoresistive element is provided on a slider below the inductive
     magnetic conversion element between an upper shield layer positioned above
     it and a lower shield layer positioned below it. The upper shield layer
     also constitutes the lower magnetic layer of the inductive magnetic
     conversion element. The lower shield layer is formed outside a projection
     area achieved by projecting the back gap portion onto the surface where
     the lower shield layer is formed."
"A magnetic head is provided that has an extremely small first shield layer
     and first and second leads of a read head that extend from a
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensor to first and second pads without any vias
     therebetween. This is accomplished by patterning the first shield layer
     into its final shape before the first gap layer and subsequent layers are
     formed. An alumina mask with a recess at the ABS of the size of the first
     shield layer is formed followed by forming the first shield layer in the
     recess. A very thin first gap layer and an optional supplemental first gap
     layer are then formed, the supplemental first gap layer insulating any
     potential exposure of the first shield layer at its junction with the
     alumina layer. After constructing the MR sensor, first and second leads
     for the MR sensor are constructed from the MR sensor to sites of the first
     and second pads. Each of these leads may comprise a single thin film or a
     first thin film which is connected to the MR and extends past a boundary
     of the first shield layer and a second thin film which overlays the first
     film and extends from a location slightly spaced from the MR sensor to the
     first and second pad sites. With this arrangement the leads for the read
     extend from the MR sensor to the pad sites without any vias thereby
     eliminating processing steps. Further, since the size of the shield is not
     dictated by the size of the initial leads the first shield layer can be
     much smaller to promote a more robust head."
"A magnetoresistive effect head which can produce a high reproduced output
     independently from a strength of a magnetic domain control layer even when
     an electrode spacing is small, and a magnetic recording and reproducing
     apparatus using the same are provided. A magnetoresistive effect film is
     formed by a stacked layer of a first ferromagnetic film, a non-magnetic
     conductive film and a second ferromagnetic film. The second ferromagnetic
     film is stacked on an antiferromagnetic film, and magnetic domain control
     layers are arranged on the widthwise opposite sides of the
     magnetoresistive effect film. A pair of electrodes are arranged on each
     magnetic domain control layers with the electrode spacing being smaller
     than the width of the magnetoresistive effect film so that a current flows
     only in a central area of the magnetoresistive effect film."
"An off-track characteristics tester for testing an off-track
     characteristics of an MR head, according to the present invention,
     comprises spiral scan type read-out unit for reading out a test data
     recorded on a track of a disk by spirally scanning the track by the MR
     head while shifting the MR head radially of the disk at such a shifting
     rate that the MR head traverses a maximum measuring pitch .DELTA.R
     necessary to obtain data of an off-track profile curve a plurality of
     times, average value calculation unit responsive to a read-out signal from
     the read-out unit to calculate an average value TAA of the test data from
     the read-out unit every revolution of the disk and a memory for storing
     the average value TAA for each revolution of the disk together with the
     radial positions of the MR head, wherein the data of the off-track profile
     curve is obtained from the average value TAA and the data of the radial
     positions stored in the memory in every revolution."
"Two magnetic layers are mutually interconnected by a constricted region
     also made of a magnetic material. The layers may be separated by an
     intermediate non-metallic layer having a hole filed with magnetic material
     to from the constricted region. Alternatively, the layers and constricted
     region may be substantially co-planar. The constricted region minimum
     cross-section dimension preferably is less than one micron, and ideally of
     the order of 100 nm, thus being much smaller than the diameter of a
     magnetic domain. A high magneto-resistance ratio is obtained, and
     electrical and magnetic properties of the sensor can be adjusted largely
     independently."
"The displacement sensor employing a magnetoresistive effect laminate
     structure consisting of a bottom ferromagnetic layer with a field oriented
     in one direction, a middle non-magnetic layer, and a top softer magnetic
     layer. The top softer magnetic layer has two regions of opposing magnetic
     fields separated by a domain wall, where the magnetic field in one region
     is aligned with the bottom layer magnetic field. The resistance of the
     laminate structure changes as the location of the domain wall changes. In
     one improvement, the domain wall is induced by a pair of opposing
     semicylindrical magnets magnetized along their semicylindrical surface,
     forming parallel field lines and leading to a stronger domain wall. In
     another improvement, there are four laminate structures in an electrical
     bridge configuration. The bridge is excited by an alternating current
     source and the output is synchronously measured. The laminate structures
     are arranged in either a stack or such that pairs of laminate structures
     are deposited on opposite sides of a common substrate."
"The present invention uncouples the dependence between the zero throat
     height and the flare point of a write head by recessing the first
     insulation layer within the first pole piece layer. The first pole piece
     layer and the first insulation layer have planar surfaces which preferably
     lie in a common plane, the zero throat height being defined at the point
     where the planar surface of the first pole piece layer first meets the
     planar surface of the first insulation layer within the head. It is also
     at this point that the first and second pole piece layers separate from
     one another. Accordingly, the zero throat height can be accurately placed
     relative to the stripe height of a magneto-resistive (MR) sensor. Further,
     when a photoresist layer is spun onto the partially completed head for the
     construction of the pole tip of the second pole piece light directed into
     the photoresist layer for photo-imaging the pole tip does not reflect into
     the photoresist layer adjacent the pole tip. Accordingly, there is
     substantially no reflective notching of the photoresist layer because of
     the flatness of the surfaces of the first pole piece layer and the first
     insulation layer thereby permitting construction of a well defined second
     pole tip."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor having passive end regions separated by a
     central active region in which an MR sensing element is formed over
     substantially only the central active region. The MR sensor is defined by
     forming a resist pattern over both the end regions and the MR sensing
     element followed by an etching step where the duration of the etching is
     controlled by the time it takes to remove the exposed end regions'
     material and not by the time it takes to remove the excess MR material in
     the center active region. This creates an MR sensor having planar sides
     along the circumference of the end regions where the planar sides have no
     thinned edges or shoulders. The MR sensor further has no remnant MR
     material along the inner planar side of the end regions behind the MR
     sensor's trackwidth edge and adjacent to the MR sensor's back side."
"System comprising a magnetic head (1) and a measuring device connected to
     the magnetoresistive element. The magnetic head has a head face (5) with a
     transducing gap (15) and comprises a magnetoresistive element (13) and a
     magnetically conducting yoke with an electrically conducting element (11a)
     for generating a magnetic field intersecting the magnetoresistive element.
     The system also comprises a current device connected to the electrically
     conducting element."
"A magnetic storage/read system includes a recording medium for magnetically
     storing a signal and a magnetoresistive element which is driven relative
     to the recording medium. The magnetoresistive element may include a
     substrate, a first antiferromagnetic film, a first ferromagnetic film, a
     first nonmagnetic film, a soft magnetic film, a second nonmagnetic film, a
     second ferromagnetic film, and a second antiferromagnetic film, wherein
     the films are sequentially layered directly on the substrate with no
     intervening layer between any of the films. At least one of the first
     antiferromagnetic film and the second antiferromagnetic film may be made
     of nickel oxide. The first ferromagnetic film and the second ferromagnetic
     film have a first magnetization which is fixed in a predetermined
     direction, and the soft magnetic film has a second magnetization which is
     rotatable in response to a magnetic field from the recording medium such
     that an angle between a direction of the second magnetization and the
     predetermined direction in which the first magnetization is fixed varies
     in response to the magnetic field from the recording medium, thereby
     producing a magnetoresistive effect."
"An MR device for determining the nuclear magnetization distribution in an
     examination zone by means of a surface coil system includes a plurality of
     coils, preferably ranging from six to twenty-four in number, which are
     located at different angular positions and are constructed as respective
     loops, a part of the loops being bent towards the interior of the surface
     coil system. The coils are arranged on a straight circular support and
     each of the coils partly overlaps the loop of the neighboring coils. An MR
     device including such angular coils enables substantially stronger MR
     signals to be received from an examination zone. This MR device is
     particularly suitable for use as a head coil system for examinations of
     the head."
"A magnetoresistive effect element has an NiO layer, an intermediate layer,
     a first ferromagnetic layer, a first MR enhancement layer, a non-magnetic
     layer, a second MR enhancement layer, a second ferromagnetic layer, and a
     protective layer, laminated in sequence onto an underlayer, the
     intermediate layer being made of a mixture of nickel oxide and a ferrous
     oxide materials."
"A torque/position transducer is positioned between the valve stem of a
     valve and a valve operator and includes a body section including an input
     lug mated with the output lug of the valve operator and an output lug
     mated with the valve stem of the valve. Strain gauges mounted on the body
     generate an output signal indicate of the amount of torque necessary to
     open or close the valve. A magneto-resistive sensor generates a signal
     indicative of the position of the valve stem with respect to the valve. In
     another embodiment, the strain gauges are mounted on the valve stem."
"A new structure of a magnetoresistive random access memory (MRAM) is
     presented for a high density and fast access operations. The MRAM includes
     two magnetic memory cells separated by an electrically conductive layer,
     each cell having two magnetic layers separated by a barrier layer forming
     a tunneling junction. Each memory cell contains one bit information as
     directions of magnetic vectors which are switched by an external magnetic
     field and sensed by a sense current flowing in the MRAM unit. The current
     creates a drop voltage over the MRAM unit, which indicates four different
     values according to the states stored in MRAM unit."
"An optical disc having a functional film, formed by a thin metal plate, and
     a protective film, formed on a transparent substrate, is disclosed. The
     protective film satisfies a condition d.gtoreq.2d.sub.0, where d is a
     maximum film thickness at an outer periphery of the protective film and
     d.sub.0 is a mean film thickness at a flat portion on a data area. A
     magneto-optical disc having a functional film which is a metal thin film
     having magneto-optical effects is also disclosed, wherein the protective
     film satisfies a condition that a difference L.sub.1 between a maximum
     film thickness d at the outer periphery of the protective film and a mean
     film thickness d.sub.0 at a flat portion of the data area is 40 .mu.m or
     less and the protective film has a curved surface having a radius of
     curvature R.sub.1 .gtoreq.12.48 mm at the outer periphery of the
     protective film. The present invention provides an optical disc having
     superior recording properties and a sufficient corrosion resistance even
     when the disc is provided with a highly corrosive thin metal film, such as
     a rare earth-transition metal amorphous thin film."
"A recording element is provided for use in a high density thin film
     recording head. The recording element includes a substrate, a thermally
     conductive material in contact with the substrate, and an insulative layer
     in contact with the thermally conductive material. The recording element
     further includes a magneto-resistive element in contact with the
     insulative layer such that the magneto-resistive element fails to overlay
     the thermally conductive material. The thermally conductive material and
     the insulative layer have thermal conductivities sufficient to dissipate
     heat from the magneto-resistive element so that heat induced malfunctions
     of the recording element are minimized. The method for manufacturing the
     recording element is also provided. The method includes depositing a
     thermally conductive material in contact with a substrate, depositing an
     insulative layer in contact with the thermally conductive material, and
     depositing a magneto-resistive element in contact with the insulative
     layer such that the magneto-resistive element fails to overlay the
     thermally conductive material."
"The present invention relates to a magnetoresistive head having a spin
     valve MR film for use in a magnetic sensor, a magnetic head or the like.
     Of two ferromagnetic layers divided by a nonmagnetic metal film, at least
     ferromagnetic layer on the side being in contact with an antiferromagnetic
     layer is formed by a cobalt-nickel-iron alloy including at the rate of 5
     to 40 atoms % of a nickel and 30 to 95 atoms % of cobalt."
"The back end of an MR sensor and a flux guide are joined by a contiguous
     self-aligned junction so that a predictable overlap of the flux guide on
     the back end of the MR sensor can be achieved for optimizing signal flux
     density in the MR sensor. Lead/longitudinal bias layers for the MR sensor
     are also joined by a contiguous self-aligned junction to the flux guide
     for stabilizing the flux guide. By employing a single lift off resist mask
     the MR sensor and the lead/longitudinal bias layers can be patterned
     followed by deposition of the flux guide. The flux guide is a bilayer of
     an insulation material layer and a flux guide material layer. The
     insulation material layer is sandwiched between the MR sensor and the flux
     guide material layer and between the lead/longitudinal bias layers and the
     flux guide material layer. A heat guide or combined flux guide and heat
     guide may be substituted for the aforementioned flux guide."
"A head-disk assembly contains an actuator that includes magnetoresistive
     heads and a preamplifier. The preamplifier is grounded to the actuator,
     and the actuator is grounded to a baseplate head-disk assembly via a
     ground conductor. A first inductive loop, which results in noise coupling
     on the pre-amplifier, exists based on the unequal potential between the
     actuator and the baseplate. The length of the ground conductor is
     minimized to reduce the area of the first inductive loop. A second
     inductive loop arises from a conductive path from the pre-amplifier leads
     to the baseplate via the actuator suspension, slider body assembly,
     magnetoresistive head, and magnetic disk media. A reduction of the unequal
     potential, which results in the second inductive loop, reduces noise
     coupling onto the inputs of the pre-amplifier. Conditioning of power,
     signal and control traces are also disclosed."
"A computer comprising a data storage device for use with a magnetic storage
     media, and a magnetoresistive transducer, including at least one
     magnetoresistive element, selectively reading digital data from the
     magnetic storage media; a first conductor connected to the
     magnetoresistive element and supplying current to the magnetoresistive
     element; a second conductor connected to the magnetoresistive element and
     transporting current from the magnetoresistive element; a control
     conductor parallel to the magnetoresistive element; and a magnetic
     feedback stabilization circuit holding the magnetoresistive transducer in
     a stable magnetic configuration during reading from the magnetic storage
     media."
"A solid-state component is described which includes a network of thin-film
     elements. At least one thin-film element exhibits giant magnetoresistance.
     The network has a plurality of nodes, each of which represents a direct
     electrical connection between two of the thin-film elements. First and
     second ones of the plurality of nodes include power terminals. Third and
     fourth ones of the plurality of nodes comprise an output. A first
     conductor is inductively coupled to the at least one thin-film element for
     applying a first magnetic field thereto."
"A sensing method continuously scans an array of sensing elements and
     determines positions by converting array peak amplitude information to a
     time based function. An array of magneto resistive elements responds to a
     relatively moving magnetic field. The process of scanning the magneto
     resistive elements is independent of the relatively moving magnetic field.
     Instead of using only one voltage source to power both the driving logic
     circuitry and the sensing element array, a separate voltage source for
     powering the sensing element array is used in conjunction with the solid
     switch array, thus excluding unwanted noise that originates in the driving
     logic circuitry."
"A magnetoresistive read transducer includes a magnetoresistive (MR) layer
     having end regions spaced by a central active region. A pair of hard
     magnetic layers provide longitudinal magnetic bias to the MR layer, with
     each of the hard magnetic bias layers disposed in contact with one of the
     end regions of the MR layer. A pair of electrical lead members are
     disposed in contact with the end regions of the MR layer and with the hard
     magnetic bias layers. The hard magnetic bias layers and the electrical
     lead members are deposited, followed by selective removal of portions of
     the lead members to expose the edges of the hard bias material."
"An improved method of manufacturing is provided for making an improved
     merged MR head. The method employs a photoresist mask with
     appropriately-sized openings for simultaneously etching numerous vias to
     various depths over a set time period. After formation of the vias, a
     single photoresist mask is employed to pattern in one step gap layers G3,
     G2, G1 and a first shield layer S1 to the desired lateral configuration
     for the merged MR head. Subsequent to patterning these thin film layers,
     double insulation layers I2 and I3 are individually soft baked on top of
     the coil structure of the head followed by patterning of the layers I2/I3
     by a single photoresist mask. These layers are then hard baked to retain
     the desired smooth configuration of the layers. The improved merged MR
     head has a smooth configuration to its top pole piece P2 because of the
     smooth configuration of the I2/I3 layer so that flux leakage and
     saturation problems are minimized."
"A magneto-resistance type magnetic head having: a base; a longitudinal bias
     portion, formed over the base and having a first upper flat surface and a
     first slanted portion, for generating a longitudinal bias magnetic field;
     a lead portion laminated directly on the longitudinal bias portion so as
     to cover the first upper flat portion and to expose the first slanted
     portion of the longitudinal bias portion, wherein the lead portion is made
     of non-magnetic material and has a second upper flat surface and a second
     slanted portion, and wherein the first and second slanted portions
     collectively serve as a slanted surface; and a magneto-resistance material
     layer formed over the longitudinal bias portion and the lead portion,
     wherein the magneto-resistance material layer directly contacts an upper
     surface of the base and magnetically couples with the exposed longitudinal
     bias portion through the slanted surface of the longitudinal bias portion,
     wherein the magneto-resistance material layer is terminated on the slanted
     surface."
"For evaluating Barkhausen noise of a magnetoresistive head in a frequency
     range where it is used for read/write of recording media, in an inspection
     device of a magnetoresistive head (10) of the invention having an external
     magnetic field generator (1) for applying an external magnetic field to a
     magnetoresistive element (11) of the magnetoresistive head, and a noise
     measurement section (2) for evaluating noise of a signal output of the
     magnetoresistive element according to the external magnetic field, an
     inductive head (20) is applied in the external magnetic field generator
     for generating the external magnetic field."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read sensor fabricated on a substrate comprises an
     MR layer of magnetoresistive material, a soft adjacent layer (SAL) of soft
     magnetic material, and a manganese-based metallic antiferromagnetic (AFM)
     layer between the MR layer and the SAL layer. The AFM layer is in direct
     contact with the SAL layer and is separated from the MR layer by a
     non-magnetic spacer layer. A non-magnetic texturing layer is disposed
     between the SAL layer and the substrate. This structure exhibits a much
     larger pinning field than read sensors using oxide-based antiferromagnets."
"According to the present invention on a magnetoresistance device having a
     magnetoresistance effect element, since iron oxide FeO.sub.x exhibiting
     antiferromagnetism is used as a pinning layer, a spin-valve type
     magnetoresistance effect element can be obtained which is particularly
     excellent in corrosion resistance and has a magnetoresistance ratio with
     an MR slope no less than 0.7% Oe in the region of the high-frequency
     magnetic field of 1 MHz. Further, the rise-up characteristic of an MR
     curve at the zero magnetic field is extremely excellent with small
     hysteresis, and it has high heat resistance. The heat resistance is
     further improved by interposing an oxygen blocking layer between the
     pinning layer and a ferromagnetic layer. In the magnetoresistance device,
     for example, an MR head, using the magnetoresistance effect element having
     a magnetic multilayer film, an output voltage is approximately five times
     as high as that of the conventional material. Accordingly, there can be
     provided an excellent MR head which has extremely high reliability and
     enables the reading for ultrahigh density magnetic recording exceeding 1
     Gbit/inch.sup.2."
"A longitudinal bias layer and an electrode layer are formed on a
     non-magnetic material layer. The longitudinal bias layer and the electrode
     layer are partially removed by an etching technique so that a narrow gap
     defining the track width Tw is formed in the longitudinal bias layer and
     the electrode layer. Furthermore, a three-layer film consisting of, from
     bottom to top, a magnetoresistance effect layer, a non-magnetic layer, and
     a transverse bias layer, or otherwise a spin valve film consisting of a
     free magnetic layer, a non-magnetic layer, a fixed magnetic layer and a
     bias layer is formed on the above structure. The three-layer film or the
     spin valve film is then partially removed by an etching technique so that
     the three-layer film or the spin valve film remains only in the
     above-described narrow gap formed in the longitudinal bias layer and the
     electrode layer. The shape of the side walls of the three-layer film or
     the spin valve film is precisely determined by the side walls of the
     longitudinal bias layer and the electrode layer. The resultant three-layer
     film or the spin valve film exhibits excellent magnetic detection
     characteristics. Furthermore, the longitudinal bias layer has good
     magnetic coupling with the magnetoresistance effect layer."
"A magnetic head including a shielded MR element which incorporates a low
     reluctance path between the shields to reduce interference picked up by
     inductive reading of the shields. The low reluctance path is provided
     outside a conductive loop of material which includes the MR element and
     its associated leads. The low reluctance path may include a magnetic short
     between the two shields."
"A disk which incorporates a variable-phase servo burst pattern is
     disclosed. The disk has servo information thereon. The servo information
     includes a first servo burst pattern written on a first track and a second
     servo burst pattern written on a second track. Both the first servo burst
     pattern and the second servo burst pattern have a plurality of transition
     pulses. The corresponding transition pulses of the first servo burst
     pattern and the second servo burst pattern are 180 degrees out of phase
     from one another. Furthermore, a method of writing servo-information which
     is used to position a magneto-resistive head on a centerline of a track is
     also disclosed. The method includes the steps of (1) writing a first servo
     burst pattern on a first track, the first servo burst pattern having a
     plurality of transition pulses; and (2) writing a second servo burst
     pattern on a second track, the second servo burst pattern having a
     plurality of transition pulses, wherein the corresponding transition
     pulses of the first servo burst pattern and the second servo burst pattern
     are 180 degrees out of phase from one another."
"A magnetic head for a recording and reproducing device includes an
     inductive head for recording use having an upper magnetic pole and an
     upper magnetic shield layer, an MR element of an MR head element for
     reproducing use and an MR detection head element for detecting an
     off-tracking. The MR detection head element and the inductive head are
     approximately aligned so that the MR detection head element is positioned
     over an adjacent track gap when the inductive head is positioned over a
     track. The MR detection head element detects positioning errors due to
     impact and vibration."
"An amplifier especially suitable for use as a reading-head amplifier in a
     disc drive employing a magnetoresistive sensor. The amplifier is capable
     of injecting a fixed current into the magnetoresistive sensor and of
     providing an output signal dependent on the voltage developed across the
     magnetoresistive sensor as the resistance of the sensor varies in
     accordance with its magnetic environment."
"A soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element and a
     method for fabricating the soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR)
     sensor element. To practice the method, there is first provided a
     substrate. There is then formed over the substrate a soft adjacent layer
     (SAL). There is then formed upon the soft adjacent layer (SAL) a
     dielectric layer. There is then formed at least in part contacting the
     dielectric layer a magnetoresistive (MR) layer, where the soft adjacent
     layer (SAL) and the dielectric layer are planar. The method contemplates
     the soft adjacent layer (SAL) magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element formed
     through the method."
"A high sensitivity MR (GMR) sensor suitable for ultra high density magnetic
     recording applications. The GMR sensor has two laminated free layers each
     comprising two AP-coupled ferromagnetic layers separated by an
     antiparallel coupling (APC) layer. The two free layer structures are
     separated by a non-magnetic, conducting spacer layer. The sense current
     flowing in the layers of the sensor provide the bias field to set
     magnetization directions. The applied magnetic field from the magnetic
     disk rotates one or both of the two free laminated layers due to the
     moment difference of the composite AP-coupled layers that form the
     laminated free layers. In the initial state, with zero applied field, the
     GMR sensor is in the high resistance state. In the final states, with
     either polarity applied field, the GMR sensor is in the low resistance
     state. A unipolar output signal is produced as the GMR sensor switches
     states. The GMR sensor has no pinned layer and no antiferromagnetic layer
     which reduces the thickness of the MR sensor substantially."
"A magnetic recording system high in S/N and low in bit error rate, capable
     of carrying out writing and reading of high recording density of at least
     1 gigabit per 1 square inch and high in reliability can be realized by
     making the magnetic layer of the magnetic recording medium from a mixture
     comprising at least one non-magnetic compound selected from the group
     consisting of oxides and nitrides and a magnetic material comprising Co
     and Pt as main components and specifying the molar ratio of Pt to Co in
     the magnetic layer, and employing a magnetoresistive read back magnetic
     recording head."
"According to a method of manufacturing a thin film magnetic head, a
     magnetoresistive device and an alumina layer are formed on a substrate,
     then the alumina layer is covered with a covering layer made of metal such
     as Ti having a thickness of more than 10 nm, then a photoresist film is
     formed on the covering layer, and then an opening is formed by exposing
     and developing the photoresist film. In turn, a magnetic metal film is
     formed on an allover surface, then the photoresist film and the magnetic
     metal film thereon are removed. The thin film magnetic head structured as
     above may provide a good magnetic characteristic since it has the covering
     layer on the alumina layer to prevent the alumina layer from being
     corroded by liquid developer. In addition, a magnetic recording unit
     employing the thin film magnetic head may reproduce data recorded with
     high density."
"A magnetoreristive head assembly has a magnetic bias level control for
     continuous compensation of thermal, stray field and stress fluctuations,
     as well as other types of fluctuations. The magnetoresistive head assembly
     includes a magnetoresistive element for sensing signals recorded on a
     magnetic medium, and for generating electrical signals corresponding to
     the recorded signals. A bias current balancing circuit has an input
     connected to the magnetoresistive element for sensing the electrical
     signals and for generating a correction bias current therefrom. A feedback
     correction circuit converts the correction bias current into a correction
     magnetic bias field and applies the field to the magnetoresistive element
     to limit the shifting of a current bias point of the magnetoresistive
     element and to compensate for bias fluctuations."
"Momentary contact with a defect site of a data storage disk or free
     particle by a magnetoresistive read element of a flying head causes
     momentary heating and unwanted increase in element resistance (thermal
     asperity) which can disrupt hard disk drive data reading operations. Since
     the disk carries a predetermined data format, the disk drive controller
     correlates location of a thermal asperity to the format and thereupon
     selects from several available thermal asperity recovery methods a method
     most likely to minimize thermal asperity effect upon disk drive operation
     during rereading of data at the thermal asperity location."
"The invention provides a magnetoresistance effects film including (a) at
     least two thin magnetic films deposited on a substrate, (b) at least one
     thin nonmagnetic film interposed between the thin magnetic films, and (c)
     a thin antiferromagnetic film disposed adjacent to one of the thin
     magnetic films between which the thin nonmagnetic film is interposed. A
     bias magnetic field of one of the thin magnetic films induced by the thin
     antiferromagnetic film has an intensity Hr greater than a coercivity
     H.sub.C2 of the other of the thin magnetic films which is remote from the
     thin antiferromagnetic film (Hr&gt;H.sub.C2). The thin antiferromagnetic film
     has a superlattice structure composed of at least two of NiO, Ni.sub.x
     Co.sub.1-x O (x=0.1-0.9) and CoO. A ratio of Ni relative to Co in the
     number of atoms in the superlattice structure is set equal to or greater
     than 1.0. The magnetoresistance effects film exhibits large linear change
     in resistance with the hysteresis being small even when a small external
     field is applied thereto."
"A magnetic resonance device has a main field magnet system which generates
     a steady magnetic field in an examination zone. The main field magnet
     system includes a yoke structure which consists of two yoke plates and a
     yoke wall interconnecting the two yoke plates, a pole block which is
     arranged inside the yoke device, and below an examination zone, and a coil
     which is arranged within the yoke system and above the examination zone.
     In order to ensure that a patient present in the examination zone can also
     undergo further treatments and is freely accessible during an MR
     examination, the inner space of the coil as well as the space between the
     coil and the examination zone remains free from components of the magnet
     system, the coil being constructed so as to be ring-shaped and encloses
     the examination zone essentially in such a manner that the patient is
     freely accessible from above and from the sides."
"A switch (380) couples one group of MR channels (340, 342, 344) while
     decoupling another group of MR channels (340, 342 and 344). Thus, the
     parasitic capacitance associated with the decoupled group of MR channels
     does not limit the frequency response of the preamplifier."
"An MR apparatus which includes a cylindrical coil system and a surface coil
     system. In order to form a coherent MR image of an as large as possible
     examination zone by means of an MR apparatus, without necessitating the
     use of a larger number of receiving channels with respect to a
     conventional MR apparatus, the cylindrical coil system, for example a
     bird-cage resonator, and the surface coil system, for example a quadrature
     coil system, are arranged to overlap and the magnitude of the region of
     overlap can be varied in order to reduce mutual coupling."
"A method is disclosed for equalizing the electrical resistance of two or
     more magnetoresistor sensor elements positioned on a permanent magnet in a
     sensor assembly. The method may utilize a laser to reduce the magnetic
     field of the portion of the permanent magnet underlying the sensor with
     the higher electrical resistance."
"A magneto-resistance effect device having improved sensitivity in which an
     effective anisotropic magnetic field operating on a magneto-resistance
     effect layer is not increased by the sense current magnetic field. The
     device includes a magnetic field detection unit having a
     magneto-resistance effect film exhibiting a magneto-resistance effect. The
     magnetic field detection unit is fed with a sense current in a direction
     substantially parallel to an external magnetic field. The device also
     includes an anti-ferromagnetic film arranged neighboring to the
     magneto-resistance effect film of the magnetic field detection unit. The
     direction of a magnetic field emanating from the anti-ferromagnetic film
     is substantially anti-parallel to the direction of a sense current
     magnetic field generated by the sense current and impressed on the
     magneto-resistance effect film of the magnetic field detection unit."
"Magnetic head having a head face (1) and comprising a multilayer structure
     with a flux guide (7a, 7b), a magnetoresistive sensor (9) and an
     intermediate layer (13) present between the flux guide and said sensor.
     The intermediate layer comprises an anti-ferromagnetic oxide which
     insulates the sensor from the flux guide and also magnetically biases the
     sensor."
"A preamplifier circuit, which produces an output signal representative of
     signals from a magnetoresistive read head, includes a current bias circuit
     for providing a bias current to the read head, and first and second
     amplifiers for amplifying signals from the read head. The first amplifier,
     with an input for coupling to the read head, outputs first signals
     representative of changes in head resistance. The first signals have an
     amplitude substantially independent of the head resistance and
     proportional to a temperature dependent characteristic of the first
     amplifier. The second amplifier, which is coupled to the first amplifier,
     outputs a second signal having an amplitude proportional to the amplitude
     of the first signals and inversely proportional to the temperature
     dependent characteristic. Thus, the amplitude of the second signal is
     substantially independent of head resistance and the temperature dependent
     characteristic."
"The change rate of resistance in a multi-layered spin-valve
     magneto-resistive thin film using a FeMn anti-ferromagnetic layer has been
     improved. In multi-layered magento-resistive thin film having a first
     ferromagnetic layer, a non-magnetic layer and a second ferromagnetic layer
     with an adjoining anti-ferromagnetic layer are laminated on a substrate;
     the magnetizing direction of each ferromagnetic layer lying in the film
     surface; the magnetizing direction of the second ferromagnetic layer being
     pinned by the magnetic exchange coupling field generated by the
     anti-ferromagnetic layer; and the magnetizing direction of the first
     ferromagnetic layer not being pinned, the degree of dispersion of lattice
     spacing, or lattice relaxations at the interface of the second
     ferromagnetic layer and the anti-ferromagnetic layer is set to equal to or
     less than 0.5 A."
"In a method for fabricating a magnetic head in which a block is cut from a
     wafer, and either the element height of a magnetoresistive head or the gap
     depth of a thin-film magnetic head is machined to a prescribed value, a
     resistance monitoring pattern for monitoring element height machining,
     said monitoring pattern comprising a first resistance pattern having a
     surface area which decreases in a nearly linear manner as machining
     progresses in the direction that reduces the element height and a second
     resistance pattern having a surface area which decreases in nearly
     piecewise linear manner as machining progresses in the direction that
     reduces the element height, is formed on the wafer block at the time of
     said wafer process, a determination being made during the machining and
     based on the resistance value of the resistance monitoring pattern, of the
     timing of stopping the machining which reduces the element height."
"A planar magnetic head including two pole pieces separated by a head gap
     with a longitudinal multilayer magnetoresistance component MR comprising
     extending longitudinally beneath the pole pieces and the head gap and
     separated from the pole pieces by an insulating layer. The MR component is
     arranged in contact with a pair of spaced apart electrical conductors for
     connecting said MR component in circuit with a source of electrical power
     to cause current to flow through said MR component in its lengthwise
     direction."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor for MR heads comprising a magnetoresistive
     ferromagnetic layer (MR layer) and an antiferromagnetic layer in direct
     contact with the surface of the MR layer. The MR layer has a
     face-centered-cubic (fcc) structure. The crystalline structure of the
     antiferromagnetic layer is the fcc structure in the vicinity of the
     interface of the MR layer and the antiferromagnetic layer, and
     continuously changes to a face-centered-tetragonal (fct) structure toward
     the surface opposite to the interface. The interface of the MR layer and
     the antiferromagnetic layer is continuous with respect to the crystalline
     structure due to the epitaxial growth of the antiferromagnetic layer on
     the surface of the MR layer."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) imaging apparatus and technique exploits spatial
     information inherent in a surface coil array to increase MR image
     acquisition speed, resolution and/or field of view. Partial signals are
     acquired simultaneously in the component coils of the array and formed
     into two or more signals corresponding to orthogonal spatial
     representations. In a Fourier embodiment, lines of the k-space matrix
     required for image production are formed using a set of separate,
     preferably linear combinations of the component coil signals to substitute
     for spatial modulations normally produced by phase encoding gradients. The
     signal combining may proceed in a parallel or flow-through fashion, or as
     post-processing, which in either case reduces the need for time-consuming
     gradient switching and expensive fast magnet arrangements. In the
     post-processing approach, stored signals are combined after the fact to
     yield the full data matrix. In the flow-through approach, a plug-in unit
     consisting of a coil array with an on board processor outputs two or more
     sets of combined spatial signals for each spin conditioning cycle, each
     directly corresponding to a distinct line in k-space. This partially
     parallel imaging strategy, dubbed SiMultaneous Acquisition of Spatial
     Harmonics (SMASH), is readily integrated with many existing fast imaging
     sequences, yielding multiplicative time savings without a significant
     sacrifice in spatial resolution or signal-to-noise ratio. An experimental
     system achieved two-fold improvement in image acquisition time with a
     prototype three-coil array, and larger factors are achievable with ther
     coil arrangements."
"The present invention provides a magnetoresistive sensor having at least
     two ferromagnetic layers provided with a non-magnetic layer therebetween;
     a coercive force increasing layer consisting of an antiferromagnetic
     material and provided adjacent to one of the ferromagnetic layers, for
     increasing the coercive force thereof to pin magnetization reversal, the
     other ferromagnetic layer having free magnetization reversal; and an
     antiferromagnetic layer provided to adjacent to the other ferromagnetic
     layer having free magnetization reversal, for applying a longitudinal bias
     to the other ferromagnetic layer to induce magnetic anisotropy therein due
     to an unidirectional exchange bias magnetic field to stabilize a magnetic
     domain."
"A positioning control system for performing recording/reproducing
     operations by irradiating an optical beam to a predetermined position on
     an optical recording medium, e.g., magneto-optical disk. The control
     system includes a photo-detector constituted by at least two-divisional
     units, and a servo-error signal generating circuit which can generate at
     least one servo-error signal in accordance with a difference between the
     detection currents. Preferably, the servo-error signal generating circuit
     includes at least one division circuit that has two pairs of transistors,
     two emitters in each pair of transistors being connected together into a
     common emitter, bias voltages of a direct current type being applied to
     the respective bases of transistors on one side, and the respective
     collectors of the transistors on one side being connected to a common
     connecting portion via resistors. The common connecting portion is
     connected to a power supply, and the respective bases of transistors on
     the other side are connected together into a common base. An integrating
     capacitor which integrates a difference between the current flowing
     through the common connecting portion and the reference current, is
     connected to the common base of the transistors on the other side."
"A magnetoresistive device of the present invention includes: a soft
     magnetic layer; a hard magnetic layer; a non-magnetic layer formed between
     the soft magnetic layer and the hard magnetic layer; and an interface
     magnetic layer, provided at an interface between the soft magnetic layer
     and the non-magnetic layer, for enhancing magnetic scattering, wherein the
     soft magnetic layer includes an amorphous structure."
"A magnetoresistive read sensor having an MR sensing element in parallel
     with a flux guide. The flux guide is made of an amorphous alloy having a
     composition of Co.sub.a Hf.sub.b Nb.sub.c where a is the concentration of
     Co, b is the concentration of Hf, and c is the concentration of Nb.
     Co.sub.a Hf.sub.b Nb.sub.c has a high magnetization and is highly
     resistive which reduces the amount of sense current flowing through the
     flux guide, thus increasing the amplitude of the signal sensed by the MR
     sensing element."
"A hard disk drive has a head with a read element adjacent to a write
     element, with the write element extending closer to the disk than the read
     element so that the write element is proximate to the disk for writing
     sharp patterns and the read element is removed from the disk to avoid wear
     and thermal asperities. The write element is encompassed with diamond-like
     carbon (DLC) to allow at least occasional dynamic contact with the disk
     while the read element, which includes a magnetoresistive material, is
     disposed in a recessed area and may be covered with a thin coating of DLC
     to avert corrosion. The disk may have a multilayer granular media for
     low-noise, high-strength perpendicular data storage. Perpendicular data
     storage may also be provided by keeping the write element in such close
     proximity to the media that perpendicular write fields predominate, while
     perpendicular signals from the media are favored by the read element."
"A position detecting apparatus can detect a position with high accuracy
     even when a relative angle between a magnetic recording medium and a
     magnetic detecting portion is fluctuated, when an angle of the magnetic
     recording medium is partly fluctuated or even when an ambient temperature
     and a temperature of the magnetic detecting portion are fluctuated. The
     position detecting apparatus includes a magnetic recording medium (1) in
     which magnetic information is recorded and a magnetic detecting portion
     (2) movable relative to the magnetic recording medium (1) and which
     detects the magnetic information recorded on the magnetic recording medium
     (1). The magnetic detecting portion (2) includes a plurality of, for
     example, m magnetoresistance effect elements (3) with an artificial grid
     film structure wherein conductive layers (3a) and magnetic layers (3b) are
     alternately laminated. The magnetoresistance effect elements (3.sub.1,
     3.sub.2, . . . , 3.sub.m) are disposed at a predetermined pitch with
     respect to the relative moving direction of the magnetic recording medium.
     The magnetoresistance effect elements (3.sub.1, 3.sub.2, . . . , 3.sub.m)
     are connected in series so as to function as a single magnetic variable
     resistor (4). The direction of a current flowing in the magnetoresistance
     effect elements (3.sub.1, 3.sub.2, . . . , 3.sub.m) relative to the
     recording longitudinal direction of the magnetic information recorded on
     the magnetic recording medium (1) have angles other than a right angle."
"The invention relates to a system for reading magnetic information,
     comprising a magnetoresistive bar and a first differential amplifier
     connected to the magnetoresistive bar. A reading system according to the
     invention also comprises a second differential amplifier arranged in
     parallel with the first amplifier, a first capacitor arranged between the
     first transistor and the magnetoresistive bar, and a second capacitor
     arranged between the fourth transistor and the bar, and an analog adder
     combining the output signals of the first and second amplifiers. This
     structure allows integration of the decoupling capacitors and thus
     prevents the occurrence of external resistances and inductances which are
     detrimental to the common-mode reject rate."
"A control section 31 comprised of a CPU is connected to a position
     detection circuit 33 for detecting the position of a driving axis 13 by
     means of an MR sensor 34, a first-current charging and discharging circuit
     35 for driving a piezoelectric element 14, a first-current charging and
     discharging circuit 36, a second-current charging and discharging circuit
     37 and a third-current charging and discharging circuit 38, the last three
     having different values of currents for driving a piezoelectric element
     16. High-speed driving and low-speed driving are alternatively used
     depending on a detected position. In the case of the high-speed driving,
     the driving axis 13 is driven at high speed by continuously generating
     extension/contraction displacement of a varied speed in the piezoelectric
     element 16 by means of the first-current charging and discharging circuit
     36. In the case of the low-speed driving, the driving of the piezoelectric
     element 16 by means of the charging and discharging circuits 36 through 38
     is combined with the operation of holding the axis 13 executed by driving
     the piezoelectric element 14 by means of the charging and discharging
     circuit 35, thereby driving the axis 13 at low speed in units of one cycle
     of the extension/contraction displacement of the piezoelectric element 16."
"The present invention provides a thin film head having a magnetoresistance
     effect element which includes at least two magnetic films, a nonmagnetic
     film sandwiched between the magnetic films, and leads connected to the
     magnetoresistance effect element wherein the width of one of the magnetic
     films, which essentially responds to a signal magnetic field, is not more
     than a distance between leads. The present invention provides a thin film
     head having a magnetoresistance effect element which includes at least two
     magnetic films and a nonmagnetic film sandwiched between the magnetic
     films, which makes use of a change in magnetic resistance caused by
     spin-dependent scattering, wherein at least a portion of one magnetic
     films, which essentially respond to a signal magnetic field extends in a
     direction same as that of the signal magnetic field."
"A combined read/write magnetic head is disclosed in which the read head
     includes a magnetoresistive element (MRE) overlying a substrate of
     substantially magnetically impermeable material, a broken (discontinuous)
     flux guide overlying the MRE and a continuous flux guide overlying the
     broken flux guide. The write head of the combined read/write magnetic head
     overlies the read head and shares the continuous flux guide with the read
     head, the continuous flux guide serving as a bottom pole of the write
     head. Significantly, the dimensions of the various elements of the
     combined read/write magnetic head are chosen so that relatively little
     magnetic flux produced by the write head during writing, or entering the
     write head during reading, is communicated via the shared flux guide to
     the MRE."
"One or more flexible magnetic Resonance (MR) receive coils are constructed
     of a flexible material and connected to a flexible base to produce a
     module. Each module has the coils overlapping by a predetermined amount to
     minimize coupling between the coils. The modules may be connected by
     attachment means placed at predefined locations to cause overlap of
     adjacent coils such that the coupling is minimized. Balanced-unbalanced
     (""baluns"") may be used to couple each receive coil to its lead cable
     connecting it to the MR imaging electronics. The baluns effectively
     isolate the coils from the cables and each other to optimize
     signal-to-noise ratio of the received signal."
"A magneto-resistance effect film of an artificial lattice film structure
     having an alternate lamination of a conductor layer and a magnetic layer,
     or a magneto-resistance effect film of a spin bulb structure having a
     lamination of a magnetic layer, a conductor layer and a magnetic layer in
     that order. The conducting layer is mainly composed of an element selected
     from the group consisting of Cu, Ag and Cr and also contains 0.1 to 30
     atomic percent of an addition element having an upper limit of solid
     solution at room temperature with respect to the element as the main
     component of not more than 1 percent. Alternatively, the magnetic layer is
     mainly composed of Fe, Co or Ni and also contains 0.1 to 30 atomic percent
     of an addition element having an upper limit of solid solution at room
     temperature with respect to the element as the main component of not more
     than 1%. Additionally, the thermal resistance can be improved by utilizing
     a base plate with a heat conductivity of not less than 2 W/mK."
"A magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) magnetoresistive read head for a magnetic
     recording system has the MTJ sensing or free ferromagnetic layer also
     functioning as a flux guide to direct magnetic flux from the magnetic
     recording medium to the tunnel junction. The MTJ fixed ferromagnetic layer
     and the MTJ tunnel barrier layer have their front edges substantially
     coplanar with the sensing surface of the head. Both the fixed and free
     ferromagnetic layers are in contact with opposite surfaces of the MTJ
     tunnel barrier layer but the free ferromagnetic layer extends beyond the
     back edge of either the tunnel barrier layer or the fixed ferromagnetic
     layer, whichever back edge is closer to the sensing surface. This assures
     that the magnetic flux is non-zero in the tunnel junction region. The
     magnetization direction of the fixed ferromagnetic layer is fixed in a
     direction generally perpendicular to the sensing surface and thus to the
     magnetic recording medium, preferably by interfacial exchange coupling
     with an antiferromagnetic layer. The magnetization direction of the free
     ferromagnetic layer is aligned in a direction generally parallel to the
     surface of the medium in the absence of an applied magnetic field and is
     free to rotate in the presence of applied magnetic fields from the medium.
     A layer of high coercivity hard magnetic material adjacent the sides of
     the free ferromagnetic layer longitudinally biases the magnetization of
     the free ferromagnetic layer in the preferred direction."
"A rotary pulse generator kit for monitoring the rotation of a shaft
     includes an enclosure capable of accepting two different sensor modules.
     Each sensor module may include axially aligned magneto-resistive sensing
     elements that sense magnetic poles imprinted in a pattern on a rotor that
     rotates with the shaft. Two sensor modules having different incremental
     pulse output rates may be supplied with the tachometer kit. In this way,
     the shaft may be monitored by a pair of sensor modules pre-set at
     different incremental pulse output rates, mounted to the same enclosure."
"A non-magnetic substrate, a Cu layer having a film thickness ranging from
     0.5 to 10 nm, a Cr layer having a film thickness of 100 nm or less, a
     magnetic layer made of CoCrPt alloy in which a percentage content of Cr
     ranges from 12 atoms % to 20 atoms % and a percentage content of Pt ranges
     from 4 atoms % to 18 atoms %, a protective layer and a lubricating layer
     are arranged in that order to form a magnetic recording medium. Because
     the Cu layer is sufficiently thinned, a medium noise is sufficiently
     reduced, and a medium S/N ratio is sufficiently heightened. Because the
     film thickness of the Cr layer is 100 nm or less, the medium noise is
     reduced. Because the composition of CoCrPt alloy is limited in the
     magnetic layer, the medium S/N ratio is heightened. In addition, it is
     preferred that another Cu layer having a film thickness ranging from 0.5
     to 10 nm be inserted into the magnetic layer to divide the magnetic layer
     into two layers. In this case, the medium noise is reduced by 20%, and the
     medium S/N ratio is heightened. Therefore, even though a magnetoresistive
     effect type magnetic head is used to record or reproduce information
     in/from the magnetic recording medium, the medium noise is sufficiently
     reduced, and the medium R/N ratio is sufficiently heightened."
"The alternating magnetic field gradient used to sensitize an NMR signal to
     spin motion is modulated in amplitude with a window function to tailor it
     to the particular NMR measurement. In an MR elastography measurement, the
     gradient is a sinusoidal waveform having a frequency the same as an
     applied oscillatory stress, and the window function desensitizes the
     measurement to spin motions at other frequencies."
"A magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) magnetoresistive read head for a magnetic
     recording system has the MTJ device located between two spaced-apart
     magnetic shields. The magnetic shields, which allow the head to detect
     individual magnetic transitions from the magnetic recording medium without
     interference from neighboring transitions, also function as electrical
     leads for connection of the head to sense circuitry. Electrically
     conductive spacer layers are located at the top and bottom of the MTJ
     device and connect the MTJ device to the shields. The thickness of the
     spacer layers is selected to optimize the spacing between the shields,
     which is a parameter that controls the linear resolution of the data that
     can be read from the magnetic recording medium. To reduce the likelihood
     of electrical shorting between the shields if the shield-to-shield spacing
     is too small, each of the shields can have a pedestal region with the MTJ
     device located between the two pedestals, so that the shield-to-shield
     spacing outside the pedestal regions is greater than in the pedestal
     regions."
"A magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) magnetoresistive read head for a magnetic
     recording system has the MTJ sensing or free ferromagnetic layer also
     functioning as a flux guide to direct magnetic flux from the magnetic
     recording medium to the tunnel junction. The MTJ fixed ferromagnetic layer
     has its front edge recessed from the sensing surface of the head. Both the
     fixed and free ferromagnetic layers are in contact with opposite surfaces
     of the MTJ tunnel barrier layer but the free ferromagnetic layer extends
     beyond the back edge of either the tunnel barrier layer or the fixed
     ferromagnetic layer, whichever back edge is closer to the sensing surface.
     This assures that the magnetic flux is non-zero in the tunnel junction
     region. The magnetization direction of the fixed ferromagnetic layer is
     fixed in a direction generally perpendicular to the sensing surface and
     thus to the magnetic recording medium, preferably by interfacial exchange
     coupling with an antiferromagnetic layer. The magnetization direction of
     the free ferromagnetic layer is aligned in a direction generally parallel
     to the surface of the medium in the absence of an applied magnetic field
     and is free to rotate in the presence of applied magnetic fields from the
     medium. A layer of high coercivity hard magnetic material adjacent the
     sides of the free ferromagnetic layer longitudinally biases the
     magnetization of the free ferromagnetic layer in the preferred direction."
"The present invention relates to a magnetoresistive head capable of
     converting a change in a magnetic field generated by a magnetic recording
     medium into a change in electric resistivity by utilizing spin valve
     magnetoresistance effect to read signal information. The magnetoresistive
     head comprises a first magnetic layer, a second magnetic layer formed on
     the first magnetic layer through a first nonmagnetic metal layer and
     magnetized in one direction, a third magnetic layer formed on the second
     magnetic layer through a second nonmagnetic metal layer, and an electric
     current supplying layer for applying a constant current to at least the
     third magnetic layer, the second nonmagnetic metal layer and the second
     magnetic layer in one of the same direction as and the opposite direction
     to the direction of magnetization of the second magnetic layer."
"A magneto-resistive effect type head is provided to suppress the thermal
     asperity caused by projections or foreign matter found on the recording
     medium. A step or a protrusion which is closer to the recording medium
     than the element is provided on the air bearing surface of the head in an
     area on the leading side of the element with respect to the moving
     direction of the head."
"A disc drive data recovery system for recovering data from a magnetic disc
     having asperities is disclosed. The data recovery system includes a
     magnetoresistive head for reading magnetically encoded data from the
     magnetic disc and providing in response a signal indicative of the
     magnetically encoded data. Contact between the magnetoresistive head and
     an asperity corrupts the signal such that the signal contains thermal
     asperity noise. The data recovery system includes an asperity recovery
     filter coupled to the magnetoresistive head for receiving the signal from
     the magnetoresistive head and reducing the thermal asperity noise in the
     signal."
"A magnetic domain controlling film for controlling the magnetic domain of a
     magnetoresistive film is formed by the patterning technique on a lower
     insulating film formed on a lower shield film. The magnetoresistive film
     is formed on the magnetic domain controlling film for converting a
     magnetic signal from a magnetic recording medium into an electrical signal
     using the magnetoresistive effect. A resist pattern is formed by the
     lift-off method on the magnetoresistive film in such a fashion as to leave
     a region of the magnetoresistive film corresponding to the tracks of the
     magnetic recording medium. A magnetoresistive element is formed by ion
     milling leaving only the portion of the magnetoresistive film
     corresponding to the tracks."
"An ultrasonic wave medical treatment apparatus capable of preventing the
     displacement of the focal point of the ultrasonic waves from the treatment
     target portion within the patient, eliminating a need for re-positioning
     of the ultrasonic wave applicator with respect to the patient, and taking
     MR images to be utilized during the treatment at a high resolution. In
     this apparatus, the ultrasonic wave applicator can be integrally
     incorporated within a treatment table for carrying the patient into the
     MRI gantry for taking the MR images. The surface coil for taking the MR
     images can be provided on a surface film of a water bag in the ultrasonic
     wave applicator, or on a body cavity probe on which the ultrasonic
     transducer is also provided. The mixing rate of the coupling fluid can be
     adjusted, and the impedance matching between the ultrasonic transducer and
     the driving circuit can be maintained by minimizing the reflected electric
     power from the ultrasonic transducer."
"A combined read/write thin film magnetic head is provided. The combined
     head has a read head and write head. The write head has a thin coil layer
     formed on a flat upper surface layer of the read head. The read head
     includes a magnetoresistive element. An organic resin layer is formed
     under the thin coil layer of the write head and above the magnetoresistive
     element of the read head."
"A spin valve magnetoresistive effect magnetic head has a free magnetic
     layer having two sublayers composed of a CoFe sublayer and an NiFe
     sublayer. Alternatively, the two sublayers may be composed of a CoFe layer
     and an NiFe based alloy layer. The magnetic head further includes a
     nonmagnetic layer stacked on the CoFe layer, a pinned magnetic layer
     stacked on the nonmagnetic layer and an antiferromagnetic layer for fixing
     a magnetization direction of the pinned magnetic layer according to an
     exchange coupling between the pinned magnetic layer and the
     antiferromagnetic layer."
"A magnetoresistance effect head comprises a magnetoresistance effect
     element portion including a magnetoresistance effect film having a
     magnetic field response portion, a magnetic field providing film for
     providing the magnetoresistance effect film with a bias magnetic field,
     and a conductor film for supplying a current to the magnetoresistance
     effect film, wherein the magnetoresistance effect element portion has a
     laminate structure portion being composed of at least the conductor film,
     the magnetic field providing film, and the magnetoresistance effect film
     layered in this order at other than the magnetic field response portion.
     The magnetoresistance effect head is obtained by patterning a laminate
     film composed of a conductor film and a magnetic field providing film
     corresponding to a lead shape, forming an MR film, and patterning the MR
     film corresponding to a lead shape and the shape of a magnetic field
     response portion. Alternatively, a magnetic field providing film and a
     conductor film are layered in the order in a passive region other than the
     magnetic field response portion, forming a laminate film such that the
     magnetic field providing film is exposed at surface of the edge portion on
     the magnetic field response portion side. The MR film is formed on almost
     only the magnetic field response portion so that the MR film overlaps with
     the exposed portion of the magnetic field providing film."
"To suppress the thermal asperity in the magneto-resistive effect type head
     for carrying out the reproduction of signals from the recording medium by
     the element 2 while moving, in a flying or contact state with the
     recording medium, in a predetermined direction relative to the recording
     medium. A step 20 or a protrusion 21 which is closer to the recording
     medium than the element is provided on the air bearing surface of the head
     in an area on the leading side of the element with respect to the moving
     direction of the head."
"A magnetoresistive material of the present invention has a structure in
     which many clusters are surrounded by a crystal phase of Cu and/or Ag,
     where each cluster has a grain size of 20 nm or less and composed of an
     amorphous phase containing at least one ferromagnetic metal element T as a
     main component selected from Fe, Co and Ni, and at least one element M
     selected from Ti, Zr, Hf, V, Nb, Ta, Mo and W."
"An orthogonal magnetoresistive (MR) read sensor is provided having an MR
     sensing element which is perpendicular to an air bearing surface (ABS) and
     has an easy axis which is parallel to the ABS. The MR sensor further has
     top and bottom flux guides in series with the bottom and the top portion
     of the MR sensing element, respectively The bottom flux guide extends
     perpendicular from the ABS. Bottom and top leads are connected to the
     bottom and top flux guides, respectively, in a spaced-apart relationship
     for conducting a sense current through the MR sensing element. The MR
     sensing element and the bottom lead are electrically insulated from each
     other by an insulating layer which is placed between the sensing element
     and the bottom lead. Electrically insulating the sensing element from the
     bottom lead makes the sensing efficiency of the sensing element
     independent of the size of the bottom lead thus improving the performance
     and manufacturability of the orthogonal MR sensor."
"The magnetic head comprises two magnetoresistance effect elements and a
     soft magnetic film connecting end portions of the magnetoresistance effect
     elements with each other. The two magnetoresistance effect elements and
     the soft magnetic film are arranged in series so as to form a single
     magnetic circuit, and a magnetic gap is provided in the side of a surface
     facing a magnetic medium. Magnetic flux from the magnetic medium is
     introduced into the magnetoresistance effect elements through the magnetic
     gap. An insulating material may be used to fill the magnetic gap."
"Recording signals can be reproduced without needing a deviation of a
     recording magnetic pole and a magneto-resistive element in a track width
     direction and without causing an off-track in a whole region from the
     inner side to the outer side. A sense current supplying circuit which
     supplies a predetermined sense current to the magneto-resistive element
     and can switch the direction of the sense current is provided. By control
     means such as an MPU or the like, the direction of the sense current by
     the sense current supplying circuit is switched in accordance with a
     cylinder position of a combination head, thereby magnetically changing the
     center position of a reproducing sensitivity of the magneto-resistive
     element in a track width direction. The combination head has a structure
     such that a geometrical center position of the magneto-resistive element
     in a read head and a geometrical center position of a recording magnetic
     pole in a write head are made to coincide in the track direction."
"The back end of an MR sensor and a flux guide are joined by a contiguous
     self-aligned junction so that a predictable overlap of the flux guide on
     the back end of the MR sensor can be achieved for optimizing signal flux
     density in the MR sensor. Lead/longitudinal bias layers for the MR sensor
     are also joined by a contiguous self-aligned junction to the flux guide
     for stabilizing the flux guide. By employing a single lift off resist mask
     the MR sensor and the lead/longitudinal bias layers can be patterned
     followed by deposition of the flux guide. The flux guide is a bilayer of
     an insulation material layer and a flux guide material layer. The
     insulation material layer is sandwiched between the MR sensor and the flux
     guide material layer and between the lead/longitudinal bias layers and the
     flux guide material layer. A heat guide or combined flux guide and heat
     guide may be substituted for the aforementioned flux guide."
"A semiconductor memory device comprises memory cell blocks M1-Mn disposed
     for respective I/O pads and a redundant memory cell block MR, a
     programmable circuit programmable based on a failed information for
     controlling transfer switches T1 and T2 to couple each of the I/O pads
     with corresponding memory cell block or with adjacent memory cell block by
     excepting a failed memory cell block and including the redundant memory
     cell block based on the failed information. In a roll call test mode, the
     I/O pads coupled with adjacent memory cell blocks output a fixed value
     regardless of data stored in the memory cell blocks to notify a failed
     memory cell block for facilitating failure analysis."
"A central region susceptible to medium magnetic field is formed. End
     regions (13 to 15) sandwich and extend from the ends of the central
     region, and apply a vertical bias to the central region. These regions are
     formed on a substrate (1 to 5). The central region comprises a laminate
     layer having a SAL layer (5), a magnetic separation layer (6), a
     magnetoresistance layer (8), and an insulating layer (9), these layers
     being nearer the substrate in the mentioned order. The thicknesses of the
     individual layers, particularly the thickness of the insulating layer, are
     controlled to satisfy a relation of the thicknesses and ion milling rates
     of the layers given as:
where .delta..sub.a and R.sub.a are respectively thickness and ion milling
     rate of the horizontal bias layer, .delta..sup.b and R.sub.b are those of
     the magnetic separation layer, .delta..sub.c and R.sub.c are those of the
     magnetoresistance layer, and .delta..sub.d and R.sub.d are those of the
     insulating layer."
"A multilayer thin-film structure comprises at least one layered structure
     formed by depositing a nonmagnetic layer, a first ferromagnetic layer of a
     ferromagnetic metal or alloy having a positive saturation magnetostriction
     constant, a nonmagnetic layer and a ferromagnetic layer of a ferromagnetic
     metal or alloy having a negative saturation magnetostriction constant in
     that order, and a uniaxial stress is induced in the multilayer thin-film
     structure. The multilayer thin-film structure for magnetoresistive
     devices, comprises the magnetic layers which could not have been used for
     forming the prior art structures and having similar compositions which
     could not have been used for forming the prior art structure, has an MR
     ratio in the range of 10 to 20%, does not need the use of
     antiferromagnetic materials unsatisfactory in corrosion resistance and
     environment resistance, does not require the turning of a magnetic field
     when forming the thin films and does not require expensive manufacturing
     systems."
"The apparatus for determining turning rate, particularly of a motor
     vehicle, includes two sensor systems (1,3), each of which generate at
     least one output signal depending on the turning rate. The sensor signals
     from both sensor systems are combined by a microcontroller including a
     memory to determine the turning rate accounting for offset drift and
     sensitivity drift. The first sensor system (1) includes an electronic
     compass with at least two sensor components (10) each including at least
     one magnetoresistive element (19) arranged in a Wheatstone bridge for
     detecting an X-component, a Y-component or a Z-component of the earth's
     magnetic field. The second sensor system (3) generates a sensor signal
     according to a Coriolis force experience by an oscillating structure. Each
     sensor component (10) of the first sensor system also includes an
     integrated field compensation coil (L.sub.F) and a set/reset coil
     (L.sub.C) located next to the Wheatstone bridge, a preamplifier (12) with
     offset compensation connected across the Wheatstone bridge (11), a flip
     source connected to the field compensation coil, a demodulator receiving
     output signals from the preamplifier and a current controller connected to
     the set/reset coil and demodulator."
"An assembly for accessing data bits in storage locations on a succession of
     radially separated tracks on a rotating multilayer MSR disc comprising a
     storage layer and a readout layer in combination with a slider flyable
     over a surface of the disc with the slider supporting at least one optical
     element coupled to the assembly, the optical element directing light to a
     region of the disc including one or more storage locations, with the
     optical element comprising an optical fiber and a micro-machined mirror
     supported on the slider and adapted to direct the light to storage
     locations on the recording layer of the disc, a conductive coil is coupled
     to and supported on the assembly, a passage of current through the
     conductor coil is sufficient to establish a magnetic field which is
     coupled to the disc and in cooperation with the light stores information
     at one of the storage locations on the storage layer, and a
     magneto-resistive element is coupled to the assembly, the
     magneto-resistive element cooperates with the light which illuminates and
     heats a plurality of the storage regions of the disc along one track of
     the disc, the magneto-resistive element senses one of the bits from the
     readout layer at the storage location."
"A magnetoresistive element generally includes consecutively an
     antiferromagnetic layer, a first ferromagnetic layer, a non-mangetic
     layer, and a second ferromagnetic layer. Instead of the non-magnetic
     layer, the magnetoresistive element may include a combination of a Co
     layer, a non-magnetic layer, and a Co layer. The antiferromagnetic layer
     is made of nickel oxide, a mixture of nickel oxide and cobalt oxide, or a
     laminate of nickel oxide and cobalt oxide. The ferromagnetic layer has a
     thickness of 1 to 10 nm, and the element has a height of 0.1 to 1 um. The
     non-magnetic layer has a thickness of 2 to 3 nm, and the antiferromagnetic
     layer has a thickness of 5 to 30 nm. The magnetoresistive element has an
     appropriate cross point, outputs an excellent reproduced signal, and has a
     desirable half-width with respect to the output signal."
"An open-loop biasing circuit for a magnetoresistive element provides high
     common mode and power supply rejection. Two current sources are connected
     together by two conduction paths. A first conduction path has two
     impedances. One impedance is tied between the first current source and
     ground and the second impedance is tied between the second current source
     and ground. The second conduction path includes the magnetoresistive
     element. A capacitive path between the two current sources reduces power
     supply noise and a voltage follower reduces parasitic capacitance in the
     capacitive path."
"A direct access storage device includes at least one disk mounted for
     rotation about an axis and having opposed disk surfaces for storing data.
     A magneto-resistive (MR) transducer head is mounted for movement across
     each respective disk surface for writing to and for reading data signals
     from the disk surface. Each MR transducer head includes a write element
     and a read element. A preamplifier, associated with the MR transducer
     head, amplifies read and write signals of the read element and the write
     element. A flex cable couples the read and write signals between the
     preamplifier and the MR transducer heads. The flex cable includes a common
     read return signal line for each sequential pair of the MR transducer
     heads."
"A magnetoresistive sensor having end regions separated from a central
     active region. The central region comprises magnetoresistive material.
     Each of the end regions comprises a biasing material for longitudinally
     biasing the magnetoresistive material in the central region. Each of the
     end regions also include a lead structure formed over the biasing material
     for receiving electrical current. The lead structure includes a first
     refractory metal formed over and in contact with the biasing material; a
     second refractory metal distinct from the first refractory metal and
     formed over and in contact with the first refractory metal; and a lead
     conductor layer formed over and in contact with the second refractory
     metal. The multi-refractory lead structure has an overall resistance that
     is much lower than a single refractory metal lead structure."
"A compact read/write head having a biased giant magnetoresistive sensor.
     Permanent magnet films are placed adjacent to the giant magnetoresistive
     sensor operating in the current-perpendicular-to the-plane (Cpp) mode and
     spaced with respect to the sensor by conducting films. These permanent
     magnet films provide a magnetic bias. The bias field is substantial and
     fairly uniform across sensor height. Biasing of the giant magnetoresistive
     sensor provides distinguishable response to the rising and falling edges
     of a recorded pulse on an adjacent recording medium, improves the
     linearity of the response, and helps to reduce noise. This read/write head
     is much simpler to fabricate and pattern and provides an enhanced
     uniformity of the bias field throughout the sensor."
"An optical coupling is incorporated into an invasive device used in
     magnetic resonance (MR) imaging. The coupling is incorporated into the
     invasive device between an imaging or tracking RF coil, and the MR
     receiver. The optical coupling has a first transducer circuit coupled to
     the RF which converts between optical and electrical signals. An optical
     fiber is coupled to the first transducer circuit and extends out of the
     invasive device to medical imaging equipment. Near this equipment, a
     second transducer circuit converts optical signals to electrical, and
     electrical signals to optical, just opposite that of the first transducer
     circuit. The present invention thereby replaces long lead wires which can
     cause heating during MR imaging, and may distort an MR image."
"A magnetic head incorporates a giant magnetoresistive sensing element
     having a magnetic bias field associated therewith. The orientation
     direction of the magnetic bias field is canted to reduce or cancel the
     effect on the sensing element of the magnetic field produced by applied
     sense current."
"The magnetoresistive effect element in accordance with the invention has
     several aspects. For instance, the magnetoresistive effect element
     includes an artificial lattice multilayered structure composed of a thin
     magnetic layer and a non-magnetic layer at least once successively
     deposited, and a bias field applying device for applying a bias magnetic
     field to the artificial lattice multilayered structure so that an
     orientation of residual magnetization of one of the thin magnetic layers
     having a greater coercive force than that of an adjacent thin magnetic
     layer, is the same as an orientation of a bias magnetic field to be
     applied to the artificial lattice multilayered structure. The
     magnetoresistive effect element provides enhanced regenerated outputs and
     also improves the symmetry of regenerated waveforms."
"On a lower magnetic shield film, a lower gap film is formed on which a
     conductive lead film and a magnet film is laminated. The magnet film forms
     a bias permanent magnet film for generating a single magnetic domain of a
     magneto-resistance film. This lead film is trenched to the lower gap layer
     (20) to form a trapezoid trench and separated leads. A sensor unit having
     the magneto-resistance film is formed conformally to the trench and
     electrically connected to the separated leads. An upper gap is formed on
     the sensor unit (28), and an upper shield is formed on the upper gap."
"The present invention is a method and apparatus for positioning a
     magnetoresistive (MR) head relative to a storage medium in a storage
     device. The storage medium is mounted in the storage device to allow
     relative movement between the MR head and the storage medium. The storage
     medium includes servo information provided to induce a thermal response in
     the MR head. A controller controls the relative movement between the MR
     head and the storage medium using the thermal response induced in the MR
     head."
"Raised irregularities in a magnetic data storage disk are removed by
     contacting an MR head with the relatively softer irregularity to
     abrasively erode the irregularity. The MR head may be brought into contact
     with the irregularity, for example, by selectively increasing read bias
     current of the head to expand the head toward the disk. Advantageously,
     removal of such imperfections helps eliminate thermal asperities created
     when the head inadvertently contacts raised irregularities during reading
     of data."
"A thin film magnetic head is capable of providing sufficient
     characteristics as an interlayer insulation layer even when a low
     temperature heat treatment is performed, and improving throughput of a
     process. The thin film magnetic head is fabricated by forming a protective
     layer 2 on a substrate 1, forming a lower shield 3 on the protective layer
     2, forming a reading MR portion 4 on the lower shield 3, and forming an
     insulation layer 5 as a gap layer. A soft magnetic material layer of
     permalloy is formed as a common pole 6. On the common pole 6, a negative
     type photoresist 7 is applied. A patterning is performed by irradiating a
     light via an insulation layer pattern mask 9 and performing etching by a
     developer. Then, heat treatment is performed at a temperature lower than
     or equal to 200.degree. C. under inert atmosphere to form an interlayer
     insulation layer. Over this, a coil 8 is formed. In order to solve a step,
     a negative type photoresist 7 is applied to form an interlayer insulation
     layer."
"A circuit is disclosed for pre-amplifying signals from an MR sensor in a
     disk drive without producing output voltage transients as the MR head
     changes its operational mode. In one preferred embodiment, the circuit
     includes a bias current source, an input stage, and a voltage clamp across
     the inputs of the OTA of the input stage. The input stage remains active
     in all modes of the MR head to avoid transients generated by the thermal
     responses of the MR sensor. In a second embodiment, the circuit allows the
     current from a first current source to bypass the input stage and flows
     directly to the MR sensor in write or idle mode. The bias current remains
     generally constant in all modes, thus avoiding output transients. In the
     third embodiment, upon switching to read state, the MR sensor is biased
     with an additional current source to quickly heat up the sensor. Upon
     reaching the normal read-mode temperature, the additional current is cut
     off and the sensor is again biased with only the first current source,
     thus avoiding voltage transients at the output of the circuit."
"The invention provides a sensing device capable of outputting a correct
     signal precisely corresponding to a particular position (angle) such as a
     protruding or recessed portion of a rotating member made of a magnetic
     material over the entire operating temperature range regardless of the
     temperature coefficient of the magnetic field sensing element. The sensing
     device includes: a magnet for generating a magnetic field; a rotary member
     of magnetic material for changing the magnetic field generated by the
     magnet, the rotary member being disposed at a predetermined distance apart
     from the magnet; a giant magnetoresistance device which changes in
     resistance in response to the magnetic field whose magnitude is changed by
     the rotary member of magnetic material; and an AC coupling circuit for
     performing an AC coupling process on the output of signal of the giant
     magnetoresistance device."
"A single-electron controlling magnetoresistance element which comprises, a
     couple of first ferromagnetic bodies each magnetized in a first direction,
     a second ferromagnetic body magnetized in a second direction in an initial
     direction and sandwiched between the couple of first ferromagnetic bodies
     with a tunnel junction interposed therebetween respectively, and means for
     directing the magnetization direction of the second ferromagnetic body to
     a direction different from the second direction, wherein a charging energy
     E.sub.c of a single electron in at least one of the tunnel junctions
     interposed between the first ferromagnetic body and the second
     ferromagnetic body meets the following conditions:
wherein k.sub.B T is a thermal energy at an operation temperature, h is a
     Planck's constant, R.sub.t is a junction tunnel resistance, and C is a
     junction capacity."
"A surface structure of a magnetoresistive film includes a magnetosensitive
     portion surrounded by a peripheral portion including at least an electrode
     film and a magnetic film underlying the electrode film for applying a
     unidirectional magnetic field onto the magnetosensitive portion. Side
     edges of the magnetoresistive film are covered by the magnetic film to be
     separated from the electrode film. An insulation film is on at least a
     peripheral area of a top surface of the magnetoresistive film so that a
     part of the electrode film extends on the insulating film so that the top
     surface of the magnetoresistive film is separated by the insulating film
     from the electrode film so as to keep an effective area of the
     magnetoresistive film in an actual area thereof."
"Disclosed is an apparatus and method for calibrating the deposition windage
     of deposited thin film resistive elements, such as magnetoresistive read
     elements for magnetic heads which are to be lapped, comprising one set of
     at least three resistive elements having different nominal height
     dimensions, a resistance detector for measuring the resistance of each of
     the resistive elements, and a windage calculator responsive to the nominal
     height dimensions and to the measured resistances of each of the resistive
     elements for calculating the windage of the one set of resistive elements."
"Methods for fabricating merged magnetic heads, employing an inductive write
     head and a magnetoresistive (MR) read head which share portions of the
     overall magnetic structure, provide for accurate definition of the write
     track width and for improved alignment of the write gap and the read gap.
     The method includes accurately forming and defining the nonmagnetic write
     gap prior to fabricating the inductive write coil structure and
     subsequently formed higher topology elements. The methods provide for
     better control of the widths of the top pole member and the bottom pole
     member, thereby resulting in substantially equal widths for these pole
     members."
"A thin-film magnetic head in which magnetic stability of a
     magnetoresistance effect film is improved for further stabilizing the
     playback output. The thin-film magnetic head includes a magnetoresistance
     effect stabilizing layer 11 having a hard magnetic member 11d and a soft
     magnetic member 11e, a non-magnetic insulating layer 12 layered on the
     magnetoresistance effect stabilizing layer 11, a magnetoresistance effect
     layer 13 layered on the non-magnetic insulating layer 12 and a pair of
     electrodes connected on both ends of the magnetoresistance effect layer
     13. Under the effect of the hard magnetic member 11d, the
     magnetoresistance effect layer 13 is reduced in coercivity and, under the
     effect of the soft magnetic member 11e, the magnetic filed which proves to
     be the saturation flex density is increased."
"In a magnetoresistance thin film magnetic head, a bias conductor and a
     magnetoresistive magnetic sensing section are electrically connected to
     each other in series. Further, the bias conductor (7) is formed in such a
     pattern as to have a width and distance from a magnetic recording medium
     facing surface which become larger as it is away from a portion
     transversing the magnetoresistive magnetic sensing section."
"A magnetoresistance effect element according to the present invention
     comprises magnetic multilayer film having a non-magnetic metal layer, a
     ferromagnetic layer formed on one surface of the non-magnetic metal layer,
     a soft magnetic layer formed on the other surface of the non-magnetic
     metal layer, and a pinning layer which is formed on the ferromagnetic
     layer to pin a direction of magnetization of the ferromagnetic layer,
     wherein the ferromagnetic layer and the pinning layer are coupled to each
     other with epitaxial growth."
"A thin-film magnetic head, a magnetoresistance effect magnetic head and an
     MR inductive head are disclosed. The thin-film magnetic head has one of
     thin-film magnetic cores stacked on a substrate and formed of two magnetic
     films and a non-magnetic film held between them, with a current flowing
     through the thin-film magnetic core in the direction of hard axis thereof.
     The magnetoresistance effect magnetic head has one of a pair of shield
     cores having a magnetoresistive element between them formed of two
     magnetic films and a non-magnetic film held between them, the
     magnetoresistive element being electrically connected to the shield core,
     with a sense current flowing through the shield core. The current flowing
     through the one shield core via the magnetoresistive element is preferably
     an AC of decrement amplitude for demagnetizing the shield core along with
     a DC sense current. Also, this current preferably flows in the direction
     of hard axis of the shield core so that magnetic properties of the shield
     core are stabilized or demagnetized by the magnetic field generated in the
     direction of easy axis. The MR inductive head has a second thin-film
     magnetic core as a common magnetic body of an MR head and an inductive
     head on one substrate, formed of two magnetic films and a non-magnetic
     film held between them, with a current flowing through the second
     thin-film magnetic core in the direction of hard axis thereof."
"A high-sensitivity orthogonal magnetoresistive (MR) read head is provided
     which employs a single MR stripe. The MR stripe extends perpendicular to
     an air bearing surface (ABS) of the read head and has an easy axis which
     extends parallel to the ABS. Longitudinal biasing layers are
     magnetostatically-coupled to the MR stripe for biasing the MR stripe
     parallel to the ABS. The longitudinal biasing layers and the MR stripe are
     connected so that their film surfaces lie within a common plane. First and
     second leads are connected to the MR stripe in a spaced-apart relationship
     for conducting a sense current through the MR stripe perpendicular to the
     ABS. The first lead is connected to the MR stripe and the longitudinal
     biasing layers at the ABS in a substantially planar configuration. A
     transverse biasing conductor is coupled to the MR stripe for biasing the
     MR stripe. In the preferred embodiment, the longitudinal biasing layers
     are constructed of amorphous CoSm. The positioning of the MR stripe and
     the transverse biasing conductor with respect to first and second shield
     layers of the MR read head can implement enhanced longitudinal and/or
     transverse biasing."
"The present invention is a method and apparatus for positioning a dual
     element magnetoresistive (MR) head relative to a storage medium in a
     storage device. The MR head has first and second MR elements. The storage
     medium is mounted in the storage device to allow relative movement between
     the MR head and the storage medium. The storage medium includes servo
     information provided to induce first and second thermal responses in the
     MR elements. A controller is coupled to the MR head and controls the
     relative movement between the MR head and the storage medium using the
     first and second thermal responses in the MR elements."
"When a sharp change in signal judged due to thermal asperities has
     appeared, a disk drive apparatus according to the present invention
     repeats the unidirectional seek operation in a region centered on the
     belonging cylinder position of the track in which the read error has
     occurred as one data recovery operation, then scrubs and removes the
     thermal asperities by putting the component surface around the MR head
     into positive contact with the asperities, thereby eliminating the
     fundamental cause of a read error caused by thermal asperities."
"A magnetoresistance effect film is disclosed. This magnetoresistance effect
     film comprises a substrate, at least two ferromagnetic thin films stacked
     one over the other on the substrate with a non-magnetic thin film
     interposed therebetween, and an antiferromagnetic thin film arranged
     adjacent to one of the ferromagnetic thin films. The antiferromagnetic
     thin film is a superlattice formed of at least two oxide antiferromagnetic
     materials selected from NiO, Ni.sub.x Co.sub.1-x O
     (0.1.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.0.9) and C.sub.o O. A biasing magnetic field Hr
     applied to the one ferromagnetic thin film located adjacent the
     antiferromagnetic thin film is greater than coercive magnetic force Hc2 of
     the other ferromagnetic thin film."
"A process for making a spin valve magnetoresistive (SVMR) sensor includes
     forming a nickel-oxide (NiO) layer as the antiferromagnetic layer for
     pinning the magnetization of the pinned ferromagnetic layer in the SVMR
     sensor. The process includes forming the NiO layer directly on a
     substrate, which may be a wafer base having an alumina layer formed on it,
     by ion beam sputtering (IBS) a Ni target while simultaneously introducing
     oxygen into the IBS system. The high energy noble gas positive ions, which
     are typically Xe+ ions, eject the Ni atoms from the target with sufficient
     energy that they aid in the dissociation of the O.sub.2 at the substrate
     surface. The Xe+ beam is non-neutralized, thus simplifying the process for
     forming the subsequent layers of the SVMR sensor and increasing the
     throughput of the system. The alumina substrate can be formed on the wafer
     base prior to formation of the NiO layer by ion sputterring an Al target
     in the IBS system in the presence of the same oxygen atmosphere used for
     the subsequently deposited NiO layer. The SVMR sensor made according to
     the process has a ferromagnetic layer pinned by a substantially greater
     exchange field from the NiO layer and significantly improved
     magnetoresistance over SVMR sensors with NiO antiferromagnetic layers
     formed by prior art processes."
"A method is disclosed for producing a magneto-resistive effect type thin
     film magnetic head including a thin film coil, a pair of magnetic poles
     and an insulation layer consisting of a thermosetting resin for
     electrically insulating mutually between the thin film coil and the
     magnetic poles. A photoresist material is used as the thermosetting resin.
     A thermal treatment of the thermosetting resin is conducted in an
     atmosphere including at least oxygen, in such a manner that a film stress
     of the insulation layer after thermal treatment is within a range of -10
     MPa to +25 MPa."
"A magnetoresistive head includes a magnetoresistive element and a for-bias
     soft magnetic film attached to the magnetoresistive element via a spacer.
     The for-bias soft magnetic film has an axis of easy magnetization which is
     set to be non-perpendicular to a direction of a bias magnetic field
     applied to the for-bias soft magnetic film. The bias magnetic field is
     generated by a sense current flowing in the magnetoresistive element. With
     this structure, the for-bias soft magnetic film can be easily magnetically
     saturated so that a reliable characteristic of the magnetoresistive head
     is ensured. The axis of easy magnetization of the for-bias soft magnetic
     film may be inclined to the direction of the bias magnetic field by an
     angle of equal to or less than 60 degrees. Alternatively, the axis of easy
     magnetization of the for-bias soft magnetic film may be inclined to the
     direction of the bias magnetic field by an angle of equal to or less than
     15 degrees. Alternatively, the axis of easy magnetization of the for-bias
     soft magnetic film may be set parallel to the direction of the bias
     magnetic field."
"A magnetic storage system is disclosed that includes a magnetic storage
     layer associated with a soft magnetic saturable keeper layer. A transducer
     is spaced from the storage layer and the keeper layer in flying
     relationship thereto, with an MR element contained therein to provide high
     sensitivity detection along with the reduced spacing loss available from
     the keepered storage layer."
"PtMn films are used as antiferromagnetic layers of a dual spin-valve type
     magnetoresistive sensor. An exchange anisotropic magnetic field is
     achieved regardless of whether the PtMn film is formed over or under the
     pinned magnetic layer. Also, an effective exchange anisotropic magnetic
     field is produced even with heat treatment at a relatively low
     temperature. Alternatively, a PtMn film is used as an antiferromagnetic
     layer of a spin-valve film laminate. The use of a PtMn film enables a
     sufficient exchange anisotropic magnetic field to be produced even with a
     relatively low heat treatment temperature and a relatively small film
     thickness. Therefore, the number of total layers of the spin-valve film
     laminate can be increased to increase a magnetoresistance ratio, and a
     total thickness of the spin-valve film laminate can be made relatively
     small."
"A magnetic detection apparatus detects movement of an object having a
     nonuniform system of teeth by means of magneto-electric conversion
     devices, wherein technical problems such as too large an amplified output
     signal, a nonuniform pulse period and a complicated circuit configuration
     can be solved. A plurality of uniform triangular teeth are formed on the
     circumference of a gear at equal angular intervals, and in a predetermined
     region a trapezoidal tooth is formed, where the height of the trapezoidal
     tooth is smaller than the height of the uniform teeth but greater than
     half their height. The magnetized surface of a bias magnet facing the gear
     generates a bias magnetic field directed toward the gear.
     Magneto-resistive devices are provided in the bias magnetic field.
     Variations in state of the bias magnetic field generated by the bias
     magnetic magnet when the gear is rotated are converted into an output
     electrical signal by the magneto-resistive devices. A binary conversion
     circuit converts the electrical signal output into a binary signal.
     Receiving the binary signal, a processing circuit detects a reference
     position and the rotational direction of the object."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) head having a double self-aligned contiguous
     junction includes an MR sensor structure with a biased guide joined
     thereto. The guide is formed using a first resist mask applied over the MR
     sensor structure. A guide biasing structure is formed using the first
     resist mask and a second resist mask applied over the first resist mask
     and the guide. The first resist mask is configured to form a double
     self-aligned contiguous junction between the MR sensor structure and the
     guide and guide bias structure. In this manner, the position of the guide
     biasing structure is carefully controlled so that it does not overlap the
     MR sensor structure."
"A magneto-resistance effect magnetic head having a uniform bias
     distribution and adapted for avoiding shorting between a
     magneto-resistance device and a bias conductor wherein a
     magneto-resistance device 5 and a bias conductor 6 for applying a bias
     magnetic field to the magneto-resistance device 5 are interposed between a
     lower shielding magnetic member 1 and an upper shielding magnetic member
     2. The bias conductor is embedded in a groove formed in the shielding
     magnetic member provided on the opposite side of forward and rear
     electrodes with respect to the magneto-resistance effect device."
"A method and apparatus for storing position offset information not used for
     aligning the read element of an MR head with the centerline of written
     data, during a read operation. The skew or offset between the read and the
     write elements on a read head is first calibrated. The offset information
     then stored on one or more dedicated tracks of the disk. To accomplish
     this, the write element is aligned with the centerline of the dedicated
     track. The position offset information is then written in the data field
     of the dedicated track. During the power-on process, the read element is
     aligned with the centerline of the dedicated track and the position offset
     information may be retrieved by simply reading the information previously
     stored on the dedicated track."
"A magnetoresistive spin valve sensor is described. Such a sensor is also
     known as a GMR sensor or giant magnetoresistive sensor. The layers (24,
     26, 28) of the sensor are mounted on a substrate (20) having steps or
     terraces on one of its face. The steps or terraces on the substrate's
     surface cooperate with one or more of the ferromagnetic layers (24, 28) of
     the sensor to determine the layers' magnetic properties. Specifically, the
     thickness of one or more of the sensor's layers can be set above or below
     a critical thickness which determines whether the easy direction of
     uniaxial magnetization of a layer of that particular material is fixed or
     ""pinned"". If pinned, the layer has a high coercive field. Thus, the new
     device avoids a biasing layer to pin any of the magnetic layers.
     Preferably the easy axes of the first two ferromagnetic layers (24, 28)
     are set at 90.degree. to one another in the zero applied field condition
     by appropriate choice of layer thickness. A method for manufacturing and
     several fields of use of the sensor are also disclosed."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor for MR heads comprising a magnetoresistive
     ferromagnetic layer (MR layer) and an antiferromagnetic layer in direct
     contact with the surface of the MR layer. The MR layer has a
     face-centered-cubic (fcc) structure. The crystalline structure of the
     antiferromagnetic layer is the fcc structure in the vicinity of the
     interface of the MR layer and the antiferromagnetic layer, and
     continuously changes to a face-centered-tetragonal (fct) structure toward
     the surface opposite to the interface. The interface of the MR layer and
     the antiferromagnetic layer is continuous with respect to the crystalline
     structure due to the epitaxial growth of the antiferromagnetic layer on
     the surface of the MR layer."
"The present invention provides a novel high magnetic moment material for
     the pole pieces as well as a metal-in-gap configuration for the pole tips
     of either an inductive magnetic head only or the inductive portion of a MR
     head. The novel material is Ni.sub.45 Fe.sub.55. In the MIG configuration
     each pole piece of the inductive head or the inductive head portion of a
     MR head has a combination of layers, each combination of layers including
     a first layer of high magnetic moment material Ni.sub.45 Fe.sub.55
     adjacent to a transducing gap and a second layer of low magnetic moment
     material such as Permalloy (Ni.sub.81 Fe.sub.19) further away from the
     gap. Since both layers are made of NiFe all the desirable properties of
     this type of material can be employed as well as simplifying its
     construction with similar plating baths. The saturation of the first
     layers is 50 to 60 percent higher than the saturation of the second
     layers. The present invention avoids effects of magnetostriction in spite
     of the high magnetic moment of the first layers. By appropriately
     selecting the thickness ratio of the second layer with respect to the
     first layer the magnetostriction of the laminated structure can be reduced
     substantially to zero. When this thickness ratio is in the order of five
     to nine the magnetostriction is reduced to, or slightly below, zero. If
     the inductive head is employed for write functions only then the second
     pole tip or both pole tips can be constructed of the high moment Ni.sub.45
     Fe.sub.55 material without any thickness ratio or MIG configuration
     constraints."
"A perpendicular magnetic recording medium wherein a perpendicular magnetic
     film is formed on a substrate or a nonmagnetic film, and the perpendicular
     magnetic film contains Co and Cr, the content of the Cr being 22 at. % or
     higher but 30 at. % or less. The medium is used in a magnetic recording
     disk drive using a magnetoresistive read head."
"This invention is directed to a ferromagnetic tunnel junction, an MR
     element and a magnetic head. A ferromagnetic tunnel junction is
     constituted by sequentially laminating a first ferromagnetic film, an
     insulating film and a second ferromagnetic film. These are laminated on an
     appropriate insulating substrate. The present invention is characterized
     in that the barrier potential of the insulating film is set within a range
     of 0.5 to 3 eV. A ferromagnetic tunnel junction with which a high MR ratio
     can be achieved with good reproduction characteristics is provided."
"A magnetoresistive effect device is formed by layering a nonmagnetic Co
     oxide film, a pinned magnetization layer made of Co, a nonmagnetic layer
     made of Cu, a free magnetization layer made of NiFe in this order on a
     substrate made of glass or Si. By arranging the nonmagnetic Co oxide film
     in contact with the pinned magnetization layer, it is possible to produce
     a magnetoresistive effect device with a high saturation field and a high
     sensitivity."
"A method and apparatus is disclosed for removing transient DC level shifts
     caused by thermal asperities (TAs), thereby reducing TA induced errors.
     Read signal generated by a Magneto resistive (MR) is input to a continuous
     time filter and a sampler. Sampler output is input to a 1-D sampled filter
     which performs level equalization to remove DC Shift cased by TA
     disturbance. Sampled filter output is input to MUX along with sampler
     outputs. MUX selects sampled filter output during TAs. MUX output is input
     to a FIR filter and Viterbi decoder. Gain and Timing loop tracking and
     acquisition blocks receive sampler and FIR filter output and output
     correction signals for use by VGA and phase/frequency Detector."
"The measurement of rotary position angle is done using magnetoresistive
     elements having a combined output which is a linear output that is not
     affected by a wide range of operating conditions. The magnetoresistive
     elements are placed on the surface of a cylindrical rod whose axis is
     perpendicular to the flux lines of a uniform magnetic field."
"A method of fabricating GMR devices on a CMOS substrate structure with a
     semiconductor device formed therein. The method includes forming a
     dielectric system with a planar surface having a roughness in a range of 1
     .ANG. to 20 .ANG. RMS on the substrate; disposing and patterning films of
     giant magneto-resistive material on the planar surface so as to form a
     memory cell; disposing a dielectric cap on the cell so as to seal the cell
     and provide a barrier to subsequent operations; forming vias through the
     dielectric cap and the dielectric system to interconnects of the
     semiconductor device; forming vias through the dielectric cap to the
     magnetic memory cell; and depositing a metal system through the vias to
     the interconnects and to the memory cell."
"Magnetic transducers are formed with common magnetic exchange layers
     capable of providing assertive and complementary signals. The transducers
     include an assertive transducer portion and a complementary transducer
     portion. Between the two transducer portions is a common bias portion
     which comprises an antiferromagnetic layer providing bias fields in
     different directions to the respective transducer portions. During normal
     operations, a current is directed into each of the transducer portions.
     The assertive transducer portion, being magnetically biased in one
     direction, generates a varying voltage as an assertive version of the
     electrical signal. The complementary transducer, being magnetically biased
     in another direction, generates another varying voltage as a complementary
     version of the electrical signal. In one embodiment, the transducer
     portions are implemented to operate as an anisotropic MR(AMR) sensor. In a
     second embodiment, the transducer portions operate as a giant MR(GMR) or
     spin valve sensor."
"A spin valve magnetoresistive head comprises a first spin valve device
     having a first magnetization free layer and a first magnetization pinning
     layer via a first non-magnetic intermediate layer, a second spin valve
     device having a second magnetization free layer and a second magnetization
     pinning layer via a second non-magnetic intermediate layer, whereby the
     first and second magnetization pinning layers are magnetized in
     anti-parallel to each other and the first and second magnetization free
     layers are magnetized rotatably based on an external magnetic field."
"A rigid disk drive unit includes head assemblies having both inductive and
     magnetoresistive heads. When information is read from a disk surface,
     signals from the inductive head and the magnetoresistive head are combined
     to provide an output signal, thereby to overcome disadvantages of using
     either signal alone. The relative contributions of the magnetoresistive
     and inductive signals are varied to optimize performance depending on the
     radial position of the head assembly over a magnetic disk and upon whether
     the information being read is data or servo position information. The
     inductive signal is ignored during data recovery procedure head shift
     operations."
"A lens holding frame holding a lens in a lens barrel is arranged, and a
     contact member extending therebelow is in friction coupling with a driving
     axis. By applying driving pulses having such a waveform that includes a
     moderate rising portion followed by an abrupt falling portion to a
     piezoelectric element, the holding frame is moved along the direction of
     the optical axis. An index provided at the holding frame is exposed
     through a slit of lens barrel, and from the position of the lens on the
     holding frame, information with respect to the distance to the object is
     displayed. Detection of the position of the holding frame is performed by
     a position sensor of ferromagnetic thin film magneto-resistive element
     type (MR sensor) so as to obtain positional information of the lens on the
     holding frame based on the detection signal, and the obtained information
     may be displayed on a liquid crystal or other display portion provided on
     the lens unit or on a camera body."
"A method for forming a magnetoresistive sensor results in the spontaneous
     formation or ""self-assembly"" of a giant magnetoresistance multilayer
     structure of alternating stripes of ferromagnetic and nonferromagnetic
     metal that are stacked laterally on a special template layer. The template
     layer is a crystalline structure that has a two-fold uniaxial surface,
     i.e., one that is structurally invariant for a rotation by 180 degrees
     (and only 180 degrees) about an axis (the symmetry axis) perpendicular to
     the surface plane. Such a template layer is the (110) surface plane of
     body-centered-cubic Mo. The alternating stripes of ferromagnetic metal
     (such as Co or Fe) and nonferromagnetic metal (such as Ag) become
     spontaneously arranged laterally on the template layer during
     co-deposition, such as during ultrahigh vaccum evaporation, and are
     aligned so that the direction of compostion modulation, i.e., the
     direction perpendicular to the alternating stripes is along one of the
     unique axes of the template layer and in a plane parallel to the template
     layer. A crystalline base layer may be used beneath the template layer to
     enhance the growth of the template layer. If the template layer is (110)
     Mo, then the base layer may be sapphire having its (112 bar 0) plane
     parallel to the (110) Mo plane."
"A magnetoresistive material of the present invention has a structure in
     which many clusters are surrounded by a crystal phase of Cu and/or Ag,
     where each cluster has a grain size of 20 nm or less and composed of an
     amorphous phase containing at least one ferromagnetic metal element T as a
     main component selected from Fe, Co and Ni, and at least one element M
     selected from Ti, Zr, Hf, V, Nb, Ta, Mo and W."
"A dual spin valve (DSV) magnetoresistive (MR) sensor has a free magnetic
     layer disposed between first and second pinned magnetic layers. The first
     pinned layer has two magnetic sublayers separated from each other by an
     antiparallel spacer. The first magnetic sublayer closer to the free layer
     has a magnetic moment which is smaller than the magnetic moment of the
     second magnetic sublayer. The net moment of the magnetic sublayers is
     chosen to be equal to the magnetic moment of the second pinned layer thus
     creating a flux closure and substantially minimizing the effect of the
     demagnetizing forces. By creating a flux closure and current induced
     magnetic fields, the first and second pinned layers' magnetization are
     fixed. This is in contrast with conventional dual spin valve sensors using
     two antiferromagnetic layers to pin the magnetization of the pinned
     layers."
"The present invention is a system for reading information stored on a
     plurality of disk surfaces. The system comprises a plurality of channels
     each containing a preamplifier having first and second terminals for
     connection to an MR head. A bias circuit is provided common to all of the
     plurality of channels. The preamplifier in each channel includes first and
     second channel select circuits responsive to first and second channel
     select signals and current output from the bias circuit to output currents
     based on the current's output from the bias circuit. The preamplifier in
     each channel also includes first and second complementary output
     transistor circuits responsive to the current's output from the first and
     second channel select circuits and to the first and second voltages to
     provide bias current through the respective MR head connected between the
     first and second terminals of the respective channel. The system is
     entirely symmetrical around ground for improved common mode rejection. In
     another aspect of the system, first and second supply rejection circuits
     are provided to stabilize voltages at the first and second terminals for
     variations in the positive and negative power supplies."
"An atomic force microscope (AFM) uses a spin valve magnetoresistive strain
     gauge formed on the AFM cantilever to detect deflection of the cantilever.
     The spin valve strain gauge operates in the absence of an applied magnetic
     field. The spin valve strain gauge is formed on the AFM cantilever as a
     plurality of films, one of which is a free ferromagnetic layer that has
     nonzero magnetostriction and whose magnetic moment is free to rotate in
     the presence of an applied magnetic field. In the presence of an applied
     stress to the free ferromagnetic layer due to deflection of the
     cantilever, an angular displacement of the magnetic moment of the free
     ferromagnetic layer occurs, which results in a change in the electrical
     resistance of the spin valve strain gauge. Electrical resistance detection
     circuitry coupled to the spin valve strain gauge is used to determine
     cantilever deflection."
"An article that uses a magnetoresistive material comprising one or more
     CrO.sub.2 grains having an insulating material, advantageously Cr.sub.2
     O.sub.3, along at least a portion of the grain boundary or boundaries, the
     magnetoresistive article advantageously exhibiting a magnetoresistance
     ratio greater than 12% at 5K and 20 kOe."
"A speed control system is disclosed wherein a brushless DC motor and a
     magneto resistive encoder are able to rotate a motor at arbitrarily low
     speeds. The motor is able to rotate at low speeds by having a filtered
     signal generated by an encoder applied to its inputs. The encoder is
     coupled to a series of filters which remove DC level and harmonic
     distortions from the resulting encoder signal. These filtered signals are
     then applied to the motor to control motor rotation speed."
"A method and apparatus for testing a magnetic head provided with at least
     one MR transducer. The method includes a step of applying a sense current
     varying with respect to time to the MR transducer element via input/output
     terminals of the MR transducer element, and a step of measuring a terminal
     voltage across the input/output terminals of the MR transducer element to
     check varying resistance characteristics of the MR transducer element with
     respect to the variation of the applied sense current."
"The present invention is directed to a magnetic transducer element with
     outstanding productivity, with which the track width can be defined to a
     high degree of accuracy and required magnetic characteristics can be
     reliably imposed upon the central active area. Laminated films which
     generate a magnetoresistance effect, a magnetic domain control film, which
     applies a magnetic bias to the laminated films and a pair of lead
     conductor films are provided. The laminated films and the magnetic domain
     control film are laminated to each other to constitute a central active
     area. The lead conductor films terminate the side end surfaces of the
     central active area at the two sides in direction running at a right angle
     to direction of the lamination of the central active area."
"In a spinvalve magnetoresistive head comprises a free magnetic layer made
     of soft magnetic material, a nonmagnetic intermediate layer overlapped
     with the free magnetic layer, and a pinning magnetic layer overlapped with
     the nonmagnetic intermediate layer and made of soft magnetic material,
     magnetization angles of the free magnetic layer and the pinning magnetic
     layer relative to a track core width direction are set such that a
     resistance-magnetic field curve is made linear, whereby symmetry of the
     reproduced outputs can be improved."
"An amplifier for an MR head comprises a means for switching cut-off
     frequencies of a plurality of lowpass filters, when a data signal
     superposed by a disturbance signal (a composite signal) is input from an
     MR head, a means for extracting the disturbance signal from the composite
     signal, a means for adding the extracted disturbance signal to the
     composite signal. Accordingly, it possible to obtain a data signal less
     influenced and less distorted even if a disturbance signal appears."
"An electronic compass (10) for use in a boring tool (12) which will provide
     an orientation of the boring tool relative to the earth's magnetic field.
     In addition, a more straightforward left or right deviation from an
     initial bearing can be determined. The invention can correct for pitch
     angle and roll angle variation as well. The magnetic field is sensed by an
     axial magnetic field (12), a radial magnetic field sensor (18) and a
     plane-normal magnetic sensor (24) which are preferably magnetoresistive
     sensors."
"In a composite magnetic head comprising a magnetoresistive read head
     including a magnetic thin film having a magnetoresistive effect and soft
     magnetic members interposing the soft magnetic film between them through a
     non-magnetic insulation layer, an induction type write head including
     poles formed in a moving direction of a medium and a conductor crossing
     the poles, and disposed in the proximity of the magnetoresistive head, and
     a substrate supporting these heads, part of a floating surface inclusive
     of the magnetic head constituent members has recesses and the read/write
     operations to and from the medium are effected by the portion interposed
     by these recesses."
"An MR element and an inductive element are provided. The MR element is
     provided with a first magnetic shield film and a second magnetic shield
     film on the two sides of a magnetoresistive film. A first magnetic film of
     the inductive element and the second magnetic shield film are separated
     from each other by a non- magnetic film. The non- magnetic film induces
     magnetic coupling between the second magnetic shield film and the first
     magnetic film. The width of the first pole portion of the first magnetic
     film is smaller than the width of the second magnetic shield film and the
     saturation magnetization of the first magnetic film is higher than the
     saturation magnetization of the second magnetic shield film."
"A magnetic head 50 comprises a substrate 55 including a magnetoresistive
     sensor 60 having (i) a magnetoresistive element 65 with a top surface 105,
     and (ii) an electrically conducting portion 75. Conductor leads 70 are
     electrically connected to the electrically conducting portion 75 of the
     magnetoresistive sensor 60. First and second dielectric isolators 100, 125
     electrically isolate the conductor leads. The dielectric isolators 100,
     125 terminate adjacent to, and substantially without covering, the top
     surface of the magnetoresistive element. Preferably, the first dielectric
     isolators 100 comprise (i) an inner edge 115 abutting and covering the
     peripheral edge 110 of the magnetoresistive sensor, and (ii) an upper
     surface 120 substantially in the same plane as the top surface 105 of the
     magnetoresistive sensor. The magnetic head 50 has superior magnetic data
     reading accuracy and reliability."
"This invention concerns a magnetoresistive head for converting a change in
     magnetic field into a change in resistance by virtue of a spin valve
     magnetoresistive effect. This magneto-resistive transducer has superposed
     sequentially on a substrate an underlayer formed of two layers consisting
     of a tantalum film and a nickel iron based alloy film, an
     antiferromagnetic layer, a first soft magnetic layer, a nonmagnetic metal
     layer, and a second soft magnetic layer in the order mentioned."
"Disclosed is a spin valve film having a first magnetic layer, a
     non-magnetic layer, a second magnetic layer, and an antiferromagnetic
     layer as the fundamental structure for the film. In such structure of the
     spin valve film, a single-layered film or a multi-layered film consisting
     of CoZrNb, CoZrMo, FeSiAl or FeSi, or a material prepared by adding Cr,
     Mn, Pt, Ni, Cu, Ag, Al, Ti, Fe, Co or Zn to the above-mentioned substance
     is used for at least one of the first magnetic layer and second magnetic
     layer. According to the present invention, a thin spin valve film having a
     good sensitivity with respect to magnetic field and a significant
     magnetoresistive effect can be obtained. When using this thin film for a
     shield reproducing head or a yoke reproducing head, the maximum
     reproducing output obtainable is approximately four times that of a
     reproducing head which utilizes the magnetoresistive effect provided by
     the application of the prior art."
"A system for quantitative computer graphic determination of positions on a
     patient's anatomy and positions on associated equipment located near the
     patient's anatomy in relation to anatomical data, as from CT or MR
     scanning. A first camera produces a quantitative electronic readout of its
     field-of-view which provides a determination of relative spacial
     coordinates of uniquely identifiable points in its field-of-view. A second
     camera produces a quantitative electronic readout of its field-of-view
     which provides a determination of relative spacial coordinates of uniquely
     identifiable points in its field-of-view. The two cameras are located with
     respect to the patient's anatomy and the associated equipment so that the
     fields-of-view of the cameras include both the patient's anatomy and the
     equipment, but are taken from different directions. A body marker is
     positioned with respect to the patient's anatomy at a known position
     relative to said patient anatomy. The body marker has known coordinates in
     a stereotactic coordinate system that is established relative to the
     patient's anatomy so that the coordinates of all identifiable points in
     the fields of view of the two cameras can be determined relative to the
     stereotactic coordinate system and related to imaging data."
"In a recording/reproduction apparatus equipped with an integrated head
     comprising a thin film inductive write element and a MR read element and
     mounted on a head slider which is arranged to be rotatable about a point
     so as to be rotationally accessible to tracks of a disk serving as a
     recording medium to make yaw angles with respect to tangents of the
     tracks, the inductive write element and the MR read element are arranged
     so that a magnetic center line of the MR read element which extends in
     directions perpendicular to track crossing directions is separated from a
     geometric center line of the MR write element which extends in directions
     perpendicular to the track crossing directions. The separation between the
     inductive write element and the MR read element is determined as the
     result of a multiplication of 1/2 of the sum of the sine of the slider yaw
     angle with respect to the tangent of the innermost track on the disk and
     the sine of the slider yaw angle with respect to the tangent of the
     outermost track by the distance between a gap of the inductive write
     element and the center of the MR read element. This arrangement allows
     minimizing the off-track between the write and read modes which occurs due
     to the yaw angles."
"A magnetoresistive (""MR"") device incorporating an improved conductor
     geometry to provide enhanced magnetic stability by providing essentially
     uniform current flow through the device active region in order to
     effectively obviate the formation of undesired domain walls, particularly
     during read back operations. A pair of current conductors are provided in
     electrical contact with the magnetoresistive device and configured to
     provide current to the magnetoresistive device at an angle of less than
     90.degree. to the easy axis."
"A thin film magnetic head includes a slider and thin film magnetic
     transducers, the slider supporting the thin film magnetic transducers. At
     least one of these thin film magnetic transducers is a magnetoresistive
     read element. The surface resistivity .rho. of the magnetic film of the
     magnetic disk is within the range of .rho..gtoreq.0.03.OMEGA..multidot.cm.
     Electric leak from the thin film magnetic head to the magnetic disk and
     electric discharge between these two are prevented."
"An MR head includes a soft magnetic (SAL) layer, a non-magnetic (SHUNT)
     layer, and a magnetoresistive (MR) layer, which are stacked on top of each
     other, with an antiferromagnetic layer being formed on the surface of the
     magnetoresistive layer except for the surface portion thereof
     corresponding to a track width (Tw) section. The Mn of the
     antiferromagnetic layer is diffused into region B of the magnetoresistive
     layer by heating, thereby enhancing the coercive force of region B. Due to
     this coercive force, the degree of single-magnetic-domain formation in the
     x-direction in the magnetoresistive layer increases. Thus, the MR head
     proves effective in reducing Barkhausen noise. Further, the layered
     structure can be manufactured at low cost by the same method as that for
     conventional exchange-bias-type MR heads."
"Information is recorded by applying weak and strong magnetic fields to a
     giant magnetoresistive medium having a pair of ferromagnetic layers, a
     nonmagnetic interlayer, and an antiferromagnetic layer. The medium
     preferably has a magnesium-oxide base layer, and may also have an
     electrode layer. The weak magnetic field magnetizes the ferromagnetic
     layers in the antiparallel state. The strong magnetic field magnetizes the
     ferromagnetic layers in the parallel state, which has lower electrical
     resistance than the antiparallel state. The recorded information is
     reproduced by detecting the electrical resistance of the medium, either
     between two electrodes contacting the surface of the medium, or between
     the electrode layer in the medium and an electrode contacting the surface
     of the medium."
"A ferromagnetic and antiferromagnetic material having a high exchange
     coupling and a high thermal stability, and a magnetic storage system using
     this material which has excellent reliability and recording density, and a
     magnetoresistive storage/read separation head having a high sensitivity
     and a low noise property. The magnetic storage/read system of the
     invention mounts a magnetoresistive head using a chromium-manganese
     antiferromagnetic layer/a cobalt alloy layer as a pinning layer or the
     longitudinal bias layer of the spin-valve type magnetoresistive layered
     film."
"A magnetoresistance effect device of the invention includes: a substrate;
     and a multilayer structure formed on the substrate. The multilayer
     structure includes a hard magnetic film, a soft magnetic film, and a
     non-magnetic metal film for separating the hard magnetic film from the
     soft magnetic film. The magnetization curve of the hard magnetic film has
     a good square feature, and the direction of a magnetization easy axis of
     the hard magnetic film substantially agrees to the direction of a magnetic
     field to be detected."
"The present invention relates to an apparatus and method for amplifying a
     signal from a MR element of a hard disk drive magnetic recording head
     having a DC component and an AC component. The apparatus includes an
     amplifier circuit that amplifies the signal. An offset corrector circuit
     is coupled to the amplifier circuit and generates an offset signal
     representative of a complement of the dc component of the signal. A
     circuit is coupled to the amplifier circuit and the offset corrector
     circuit that combines the signal and the offset signal to provide an
     output signal representative of the AC component of the signal."
"A noncontact type rotation sensor, which can detect the rotational movement
     of a gear with high sensitivity and precision without causing any
     erroneous output, is disclosed. To a magnetic gear is applied a bias
     magnetic field by a bias magnet from the direction of the teeth of the
     gear. A sensor part disposed within the bias magnetic field comprises a
     substrate and a plurality of magneto-resistive elements mounted on the
     substrate in parallel to the teeth of the gear and electrically connected
     in series one after another. The sensor part detects the magnetic vector
     of the bias magnetic field varying according to the rotation of the gear
     as the composite value of the variations of the resistance values of the
     plurality of magneto-resistive elements connected in series one after
     another. The plurality of magneto-resistive elements are arranged with
     interval and width that enable the plurality of magneto-resistive elements
     to absorb the erroneous output caused to the variation waveforms of the
     respective resistance values during power supply."
"A new magnetic random access memory (MRAM) unit (30) is provided suitable
     for fabricating a MRAM device (20). The MRAM cell includes a magnetic
     storage element (32) and a current control element (33), for example, a
     diode, connected to the magnetic storage element in series to control a
     current in the magnetic storage element. The magnetic storage element has
     two magnetoresistive layers (36,38) separated by a non-magnetic layer
     (37), for example, aluminum oxide (Al.sub.2 O.sub.3). The diode allows a
     current to flow in only an MRAM cell activated by a column line and a row
     line."
"A magnetoresistive read transducer includes a magnetoresistive layer that
     is sandwiched between a pair of laminated magnetic shields. Each laminated
     magnetic shield includes at least two layers of ferromagnetic material
     spaced by a layer of non-magnetic material. The respective magnetization
     vectors of uniaxial anisotropy in the shields are opposite to each other.
     The magnetization vectors in the two ferromagnetic layers form a closed
     magnetic path which is substantially perpendicular to the surfaces of the
     layer interfaces. The magnetic pattern thus formed is highly stable, so
     that the magnetoresistive layer generates output signals with low
     Barkhausen noise and further allows the transducer to interact with
     recording media having high linear recording density."
"A method and apparatus for calibrating a thermal response of an MR element
     spaced apart from a surface of a data storage disk is disclosed. A
     calibration feature, such as a depression, is provided on a surface of the
     disk. Signals are read from the calibration depression and a location on
     the disk surface other than the calibration depression using the MR
     element. Magnetic and thermal spacing signals are produced using the
     readback signals. A calibrated thermal spacing signal is produced using
     the magnetic spacing signals and the thermal spacing signals, such that
     the calibrated thermal spacing signal varies proportionally or,
     alternatively, linearly with respect to variations in spacing between the
     MR element and the disk surface. The calibration methodology is preferably
     performed in-situ a data storage system."
"A bulk magnetoresistance effect material of a composition represented by
     the general formula: T.sub.100-A M.sub.A (wherein T is at least one
     element selected between Cu and Au; M is at least one element selected
     from the group consisting of Co, Fe, and Ni; and A is in the range:
     1.ltoreq.A.ltoreq.50 by atomic percent) is prepared by casting a molten
     mixture of the above composition, and subjecting the resulting casting to
     homogenization and further to heat treatment. The bulk magnetoresistance
     effect material is high in the rate of change in the electrical resistance
     thereof, i.e., shows a large magnetoresistive effect and can be obtained
     in such bulk form in arbitrary shapes adaptable for various uses. Using
     the material, various types of magnetoresistive elements are obtained."
"Ferromagnetic-insulator-ferromagnetic trilayer junctions show
     magnetoresistance (JMR) effects ranging from about 16% to several hundred
     percent at room temperature. Larger effects are observed when the actual
     tunneling resistance (R.sub.T) is comparable to electrode film resistance
     (R.sub.L) over the junction area in cross-geometry junction measurements.
     The geometrically enhanced large JMR can be qualitatively explained by the
     nonuniform current flow over the function area when R.sub.T is comparable
     to R.sub.L, in the cross-geometry junction structure. For a fixed junction
     area, the effective junction resistance (R.sub.J) can be varied from less
     than 1 ohm to several kilohms by controlling the thickness of the
     insulating layer or by appropriately selecting ferromagnetic films. The
     trilayer tunnel junctions of the present invention are nonvolatile, stable
     and are reproducible."
"A combination read/write thin film magnetic head comprises: a
     magnetoresistive element, a main lead layer leading a sensing current to
     the magnetoresistive element, a lower-core layer formed on the main lead
     layer through an insulating layer, an upper-core layer facing the
     lower-core layer through a magnetic gap at the section facing a recording
     medium, a coil layer inducing a magnetic field to both of the lower- and
     upper-core layers, and a coil extraction layer simultaneously formed of
     the same material in the same step as the main lead layer, wherein the
     coil extraction layer is connected to the wound center of the coil layer."
"The present invention provides a colossal magnetoresistant sensor, and in
     particular a colossal magnetoresistant sensor capable of responding to the
     low fields emanating from the recording media. The recording media
     typically emanates a low field on the order of 20 Oe which is insufficient
     to result in a significant change in resistance in a CMR layer of
     material. The colossal magnetoresistant sensor is comprised of a first
     magnetic layer; a colossal magnetoresistant layer and a second magnetic
     layer, where the colossal magnetoresistant layer is positioned between the
     first magnetic layer and a second magnetic layer. The first and second
     magnetic layers surrounding the colossal magnetoresistant layer control
     the field through and therefore the resistance of the CMR layer. When the
     orientation of magnetization of the first and second magnetic layer are
     aligned parallel, the fields from the first magnetic layer and second
     magnetic layer add constructively to produce the large field needed (on
     the order of 5 Tesla) to produce a low resistance state. When the
     orientation of magnetization of the first field and the second field are
     aligned antiparallel, the fields from the first magnetic layer and the
     second magnetic layers add destructively to produce a high resistance
     state."
"A signal reproduction circuit used for an MR head has a simple circuit
     configuration to suppress a disturbance signal caused by the contact
     between the MR head and a disk, and to remove the ripples completely from
     the reproduced signal. The signal reproduction circuit used for the MR
     head includes a first circuit for generating a switching signal in
     accordance with a disturbance signal extracted from an input data signal,
     a second circuit including a filter circuit and a switching circuit, the
     filter having a first and a second cut-off frequency, the switching
     circuit for switching either the first of second cut-off frequency for
     outputting an un-suppressed data signal and a suppressed disturbance
     signal."
"The present invention provides a position-sensing system which employs
     sensors incorporating magnetoresistive materials. The position of a
     magnetic information input member is determined through the resistance
     change of the magnetoresistive sensor in response to the magnetic field
     from the magnetic information input member. Exemplary magnetoresistive
     materials are lanthanum manganites having high magnetoresistive ratios.
     Two-dimensional position sensing systems for graphics tablets are also
     described."
"A preamplifier and its associated biasing circuitry for connection to a
     magnetoresistive sensor having a first end and a second end is disclosed.
     The biasing circuitry properly biases the preamplifier such that the
     preamplifier can properly read signals from the sensor. The preamplifier
     includes a first transistor. A base of the first transistor is connected
     to the first end of the magnetoresistive sensor. An emitter of the second
     transistor is connected to the emitter of the first transistor. A
     collector of the third transistor is connected to the collector of the
     first transistor. A base of the fourth transistor is connected to the
     second end of the magnetoresistive sensor, while the collector of the
     fourth transistor is connected to the collector of the second transistor,
     and the emitter of the fourth transistor is connected to the emitter of
     the third transistor. The preamplifier further includes a voltage source
     and a first and a second resistor. The first resistor is connected between
     the voltage source and the collector of the first and third transistors,
     while the second transistor is connected between the voltage source and
     the collectors of the second and fourth transistors. Finally, a first
     current source is connected between the emitters of the first and second
     transistors and ground, while a second current source is connected between
     the emitters of the third and fourth transistors and ground."
"A dynamic MRA study of a subject is performed using a 3D fast
     gradient-recalled echo pulse sequence that employs a non-selective RF
     excitation pulse. The frame rate of the resulting series of reconstructed
     images is increased by sampling a central region of k-space at a higher
     rate than the peripheral regions of k-space. The acquisition is gated
     using a cardiac trigger signal and the central region of k-space is
     acquired during diastole and the peripheral regions of k-space are
     acquired during systole. Image frames are reconstructed at each sampling
     of the central k-space region using the temporally nearest samples from
     the peripheral k-space regions. Two of the image frames are subtracted to
     form an MR angiogram."
"A magnetic resonance diagnostic apparatus sequentially generates a
     high-frequency magnetic field and a gradient magnetic field to generate a
     MR signal from a subject in a imaging space and reconstructs a MR image of
     the subject on the basis of the MR signal. As a result, a stimulative
     magnetic field that stimulates part of the subject develops so as to cross
     the gradient magnetic field. The stimulative magnetic field occurs in
     synchronization with the gradient magnetic field. A canceling magnetic
     field that opposes the stimulative magnetic field is generated. The
     canceling magnetic field has the reversed polarity to that of the
     stimulative magnetic field. As a result, the resultant magnetic field of
     the stimulative magnetic field and canceling magnetic field has a lower
     intensity than that of the stimulative magnetic field, so that the
     stimulus the subject feels becomes smaller."
"An apparatus for, and a method of, controlling the torsional damping
     frequency of a torsional damper using a magneto-rheological fluid disposed
     between a relatively rotating inertia ring and a surrounding chamber. A
     coil is continuously wrapped around the chamber and provides at least two
     slip rings for conducting electricity through the coil from outside the
     chamber. At least two corresponding wiper contacts electrically connect
     said slip rings to a source of DC voltage which in turn is controlled by a
     controller to continuously adjust the damping torsional resistance of the
     magneto-rheological fluid. A vibration sensor can be associated with the
     damper and can be signal connected to the controller to continuously
     adjust the magnetic field through the magneto-rheological fluid to
     continuously adjust the torsional shear resistance of the fluid, and
     thereby fine tune damping of the damper."
"A spin valve magnetoresistive (MR) read sensor is provided wherein the free
     and pinned layer magnetization are perpendicular to each other under
     quiescent conditions and the current flowing in the free MR layer is
     oriented to flow at a substantially 45 degree angle with respect to the
     free layer magnetization. The flow of the current at the 45 degree angle
     with respect to the free layer magnetization causes the AMR effect which
     is present in the free MR layer to be added to the spin valve sensor GMR
     effect and increases the overall magnetoresistive effect by about 25% to
     33%."
"An orthogonal spin valve read head is provided wherein a spin valve sensor
     is asymmetrically located between first and second shield layers so that
     image currents in the first and second shield layers produce a resultant
     image field which partially or completely counterbalances a stiffening
     field from antiferromagnetic, pinned and spacer layers in the MR sensor
     when sense current is conducted therethrough. Accordingly, the spin valve
     sensor may be located a greater distance from the second shield layer by
     providing a mid-gap layer between the spin valve sensor and a second gap
     layer. In one example, the total thickness of the mid-gap and second gap
     layer is four times as thick as the first gap layer which results in the
     image fields from the first and second shield layers completely
     counterbalancing the field from the antiferromagnetic, pinned and spacer
     layers due to the sense current."
"A thin film magnetoresistive (MR) spin valve read sensor is provided which
     has positive and negative read signal symmetry about a zero bias point of
     a transfer curve upon sensing positive and negative magnetic incursions of
     equal magnitude from a moving magnetic medium, the sensor including a
     ferromagnetic free layer which has a magnetic moment which is free to
     rotate in first and second directions from a position which corresponds to
     the zero bias point upon sensing the positive and negative magnetic
     incursions respectively, an antiparallel pinned layer, an
     antiferromagnetic layer immediately adjacent the antiparallel pinned layer
     which pins the magnetic moment of the antiparallel pinned layer along a
     pinned direction, an electrically conductive nonmagnetic spacer layer
     sandwiched between the free layer and the antiparallel pinned layer so
     that, upon sensing the positive and negative magnetic incursions, the
     magnetic moment of the free layer rotates in the first and second
     directions relative to the pinned direction of the magnetic moment of the
     pinned layer, thus causing an increase or decrease in magnetoresistance
     respectively, and a sense current source for applying a sense current
     through the sensor in a predetermined direction and of a predetermined
     magnitude so that, in response to the increase and decrease in
     magnetoresistance, the sensor produces positive and negative read signal
     symmetry about the zero bias point."
"A magnetoresistive sensor for detecting stored information from a magnetic
     medium and for providing an output voltage to auxiliary circuitry is
     disclosed. The magnetoresistive sensor includes a magnetoresistive
     magnetic layer formed from a magnetic material, the magnetic layer having
     a magnetization, a resistivity and a thickness. A resistance of the
     magnetic layer equals the resistivity of the layer divided by the
     thickness of the layer. The magnetic sensor also comprises a bias layer
     having a resistivity, a thickness and a saturation inductance. A
     resistance of the bias layer equals the resistivity of the layer divided
     by the thickness of the layer. The resistance of the bias layer is in
     parallel with the resistance of the magnetic layer. The saturation
     inductance of the bias layer helps to bias the magnetic layer from a rest
     position to a magnetized position. A spacer layer is positioned between
     the magnetic layer and the bias layer. The spacer layer has a resistivity
     and a thickness. A resistance of the spacer layer equals the resistivity
     of the layer divided by the thickness of the layer. The resistance of the
     spacer layer is in parallel with both the resistances of the magnetic
     layer and the bias layer. The parallel resistances of the bias layer and
     the spacer layer is at least twice as large as the resistance of the
     magnetic layer such that at least two-thirds of the current flows through
     the magnetic layer and at most one-third of the current flows through the
     combination of the bias layer and the spacer layer."
"A thin-film magnetic head improves magnetic stability of a
     magnetoresistance effect film 13 for further stabilizing the playback
     output. The thin-film magnetic head has a magnetoresistance effect
     stabilizing layer 11, a non-magnetic layer 12 and a magnetoresistance
     effect layer 13 exhibiting the magnetoresistance effect. The
     magnetoresistance effect stabilizing layer 11 has a hard magnetic film and
     a soft magnetic film. The magnetoresistance effect stabilizing layer 11
     has a non-magnetic film 11c of a non-magnetic material in at least a
     partial area between a hard magnetic film 11b and a soft magnetic film
     11d. In the thin-film magnetic head, there is produced a stable
     magnetostatic coupling action between the magnetoresistance effect
     stabilizing layer 11 and the magnetoresistance effect layer 13 for
     increasing the magnetic stability of the magnetoresistance effect layer 13
     operating as a magnetically sensitive portion."
"A magnetoresistance effect element is provided with a magnetoresistance
     effect film (MR film) formed of alternative laminations of magnetic layers
     (for example, soft magnetic layers such as Fe--Ni--Co alloy layers) which
     are coupled anti-ferromagnetically with each other between adjacent
     magnetic layers and non-magnetic layers (for example, non-magnetic layers
     such as Cu layers) and provided with a bias soft magnetic layer (for
     example, SAL layer) for application of a bias magnetic filed to the
     magnetoresistance effect film, where the anisotropic magnetic field (Hk)
     in the plane of the bias medium layer is 5 Oe.ltoreq.Hk.ltoreq.15 Oe."
"In a method and apparatus for phase contrast MR angiography, for topically
     resolved flow acquisition, bipolar flow coding gradients are activated
     before readout of nuclear magnetic resonance signals. By using flow coding
     gradients of different amplitudes in successive measurements within a
     pulse sequence, nuclear magnetic resonance signals are obtained that are
     differently sensitive to flow. A larger range of flow velocities can
     thereby be covered."
"A dynamic MR angiography technique, MR digital subtraction angiography (MR
     DSA), based on fast acquisition, contrast enhancement and complex
     subtraction is described. When a bolus of contrast is injected into a
     patient, data acquisition begins, dynamically acquiring a thick slab using
     a fast gradient echo sequence for 1060 sec. Similar to x-ray DSA, a mask
     is selected from the images without contrast enhancement, and later images
     are subtracted from the mask to generate angiograms. Complex subtraction
     is used to overcome the partial volume effects related to the phase
     difference between the flowing and stationary magnetization in a voxel."
"A read sensor includes first and second substantially planar
     magnetoresistive spin valves, parallel to each other. Each spin valve
     includes a pair of ferromagnetic layers. Between the spin valves lies a
     bias conductor, separated from each spin valve by respective insulating
     layers. In each spin valve, the outer ferromagnetic layer is a
     current-induced ferromagnetic pinned layer whose magnetization direction
     is pinned by a pinning field supplied by a bias current flowing in the
     bias conductor. Sense currents are directed through the spin valves in a
     direction substantially perpendicular to the magnetization directions of
     the current-induced ferromagnetic pinned layers. The magnetization
     orientations of the ferromagnetic layers are established by a combined
     field provided by the sense and bias currents. When the read sensor
     detects an external magnetic field, each spin valve exhibits a voltage
     drop. With external magnetic fields occurring in a predetermined range,
     one spin valve's voltage drop is directly proportional to the magnetic
     flux transitions, and the other is inversely proportional to the magnetic
     flux transitions. Thus, if the spin valves' output signals are subtracted,
     the desired signal is amplified while common mode noise is canceled out.
     Advantageously, no antiferromagnetic layers are needed to pin the
     magnetization directions of the current-induced ferromagnetic pinned
     layers. Thus, problems with antiferromagnetic layers, such as blocking
     temperatures, are avoided."
"A magneto-resistance effect-type magnetic head according to the present
     invention can generate a high reproduction output by increasing a quantity
     of magnetic flux passing across an effective magneto-sensitive zone of a
     magneto-resistance effect element, while maintaining its inherent
     functions as a means for preventing unnecessary magnetic flux from
     entering the MR element or as a recording pole. The magneto-resistance
     effect-type magnetic head for reproducing signals from a magnetic
     recording medium, includes a magneto-resistance effect element, upper and
     lower magnetic layers between which the magneto-resistance effect element
     is interposed, and a low-permeability magnetic layer provided on at least
     one of surfaces of the upper and lower magnetic layers which surfaces are
     opposed to the magneto-resistance effect element, the low-permeability
     magnetic layer having a magnetic permeability not more than half of a
     magnetic permeability of the upper or lower magnetic layer."
"An apparatus for sensing a change in a magnetic field is disclosed. The
     apparatus includes a giant magnetoresistive element positioned adjacent to
     the magnetic field. First, second, and third electrical contacts are
     spatially positioned on the giant magnetoresistive element forming a first
     current path having a first variable resistance between the first and
     second electrical contacts and a second current path having a second
     variable resistance between the first and third electrical contacts. The
     movable magnetic field causes a change in the first variable resistance in
     the first current path when the field becomes positioned substantially
     underneath the first current path, and the magnetic field causes a change
     in the second variable resistance in the second current path when the
     field becomes positioned substantially underneath the second current path."
"An asperity height sensing head and method of using the same are disclosed.
     The head includes multiple magnetoresistive (MR) sensors carried by a
     first rail of a slider adjacent to the air bearing surface (ABS) and
     positioned a distance L.sub.p from each other. Asperity height estimating
     circuitry coupled to each of the multiple MR sensors detects a number N of
     the MR sensors which exhibit a change in resistance as a result of contact
     between the ABS and a first asperity on the surface of the disc. The
     asperity height estimating circuitry estimates the height H.sub.A of the
     first asperity as a function of the number N, as a function of the pitch
     angle .theta..sub.p , and as a function of the distance L.sub.p."
"A technique for suppression of stray pickup interference signal during
     testing of a magneto-resistive head assembly with an external exciting
     magnetic field. An interruptable phase lock loop and an interruptable
     amplitude lock loop temporarily hold a replica of the stray-pickup
     interference signal. The method includes: disabling a magneto-resistive
     sensor while exciting a magneto-resistive head assembly and its connection
     wires with an exciting magnetic field; providing a stray-pickup output
     signal indicative of the stray pickup signals caused by the exciting
     magnetic field; generating a replica signal of the stray-pickup output
     signal; then enabling the magneto-resistive sensor element of the
     magneto-resistive head assembly while the magneto-resistive head assembly
     is magnetically excited to provide a composite output signal; and
     subtracting the replica signal of the stray-pickup output signal from the
     composite output signal to cancel the stray-pickup component and to
     provide an output response signal for the head assembly having an improved
     signal to stray-pickup signal ratio."
"A thin-film magnetic head, a magnetoresistance effect magnetic head and an
     MR inductive head are disclosed. The thin-film magnetic head has one of
     thin-film magnetic cores stacked on a substrate and formed of two magnetic
     films and a non-magnetic film held between them, with a current flowing
     through the thin-film magnetic core in the direction of hard axis thereof.
     The magnetoresistance effect magnetic head has one of a pair of shield
     cores having a magnetoresistive element between them formed of two
     magnetic films and a non-magnetic film held between them, the
     magnetoresistive element being electrically connected to the shield core,
     with a sense current flowing through the shield core. The current flowing
     through the one shield core via the magnetoresistive element is preferably
     an AC of decrement amplitude for demagnetizing the shield core along with
     a DC sense current. Also, this current preferably flows in the direction
     of hard axis of the shield core so that magnetic properties of the shield
     core are stabilized or demagnetized by the magnetic field generated in the
     direction of easy axis. The MR inductive head has a second thin-film
     magnetic core as a common magnetic body of an MR head and an inductive
     head on one substrate, formed of two magnetic films and a non-magnetic
     film held between them, with a current flowing through the second
     thin-film magnetic core in the direction of hard axis thereof."
"A longitudinal type magnetoresistance effect device employed in a thin-film
     magnetic head enclosed within a high-density magnetic recording device or
     in a high-sensitivity magnetic sensor, in which the rate of change in
     resistance dependent on the sense current density may be prevented from
     being lowered and in which high magnetic field sensitivity may be realized
     even in the high sense current density area. The sense current flows in
     the device in a direction at right angles to the plane of the magnetic
     recording medium. At least two or more layers of the soft magnetic layers
     and the non-magnetic electrically conductive layers are stacked in
     multiple layers and has a broad width portion in an area which proves to
     be a current route for the sense current."
"A hard disk drive has a head with a read element adjacent to a write
     element, with the write element extending closer to the disk than the read
     element so that the write element is close to the disk for writing sharp
     patterns and the read element is removed from the disk to avoid wear and
     thermal asperities. The write element is encompassed with diamond-like
     carbon (DLC) to allow at least occasional dynamic contact with the disk
     while the read element, which includes a magneto resistive material, is
     disposed in a recessed area and may be covered with a thin coating of DLC
     to avert corrosion. The disk may have a multilayer granular media for
     low-noise, high-strength perpendicular data storage. Perpendicular data
     storage may also be provided by keeping the write element in such close
     proximity to the media that perpendicular write fields predominate, while
     perpendicular signals from the media are favored by the read element."
"The present invention resides, in a magnetic disk certifier for detecting
     one of a spike error and a positive modulation error on the basis of a
     read signal obtained by reading out by an MR head a test data written on a
     track of a magnetic disk as a first error of said magnetic disk and
     detecting one of a missing error and a negative modulation error as a
     second error, a method and apparatus for detecting a thermal asperity
     error of said MR head, by of detecting the first error and the second
     error in positions on said track, the positions having a recording length
     of a plurality of bits of the test data and judging a thermal asperity
     error when the first error and the second error are detected in one and
     the same position of the track."
"Magnetoresistive elements are disposed facing a gear to form a sensor for
     detecting rotation of the gear. The signal output from MRE sensor is an
     alternating amplitude signal. An operational amplifier has a differential
     gain exceeding its operational limit relative to the amplitude value of
     the sensor signal, and it amplifies and outputs the difference between the
     sensor signal and a reference voltage. Comparators judge whether an output
     of the operational amplifier is within a predetermined amplitude range
     relative to the amplitude center thereof. When the op-amp output deviates
     from the predetermined amplitude range, transistors either charge or
     discharge a capacitor, so that the reference voltage can be changed closer
     to the output of the operational amplifier. Another comparator compares
     the output signal of the operational amplifier with a threshold value to
     output a binary-valued signal."
"The encoder has at least one magnetoresistor (120, 220, 320, 322, 324, 326)
     and the magnetic support has a succession of magnetized regions (242, 342,
     442), characterized in that the magnetic encoder also has a flux guide
     (154, 254, 354, 454), which has reading pole pieces (256, 256', 356)
     separated by at least one air gap (252, 352, 452) having a length (g) less
     than the smallest spacing of the magnetized regions."
"A method for manufacturing magnetoresistive sensors whereby a first
     determination of an anisotropy field of the magnetoresistive material is
     made and an annealing temperature is selected based on a desired final
     value of the anisotropy field."
"A magnetic thin film head employing giant magnetoresistance (GMR) includes
     alternating layers of ferromagnetic material and nonmagnetic material
     coupled by magnetostatic and exchange interactions to produce an
     antiparallel orientation between the magnetic layers in the absence of an
     external field. Magnetic biasing is applied by a permanent magnet to the
     alternating layers to obtain a scissor-like configuration of the adjacent
     magnetic layers. The magnet is placed in contiguous junction with the
     multilayered GMR structure edge which is away from the air bearing
     surface, and is separated from the sensor by a nonmagnetic, nonconductive
     spacer."
"A shield type magnetoresistive head has a GMR element exhibiting a giant
     magentoresistance effect phenomenon due to a spin dependent scattering,
     and an electrode, the GMR element comprising upper and lower shield films,
     upper and lower gap insulation films, a magnetic field detecting layer in
     which a magnetization rotates by a signal magnetic field, a non-magnetic
     layer, a magnetization fixed layer in which the magnetization is
     substantially not moved by the signal magnetic field, and a bias film
     contacting to the magnetization fixed layer, wherein a distance from a
     film-thicknesswise center of the magnetic field detecting layer to a
     surface of the shield film contacting to the gap film including the
     magnetization fixed layer is set to be greater compared with that on a
     side of not including the magnetization fixed layer."
"Thermal transient signal detection/correction circuitry corrects for errors
     caused by actual thermal asperities and baseline wander in the analog
     signal from a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor, such as an MR read head in a
     magnetic recording disk drive. In a disk drive with an MR head the
     detection/correction circuitry is located between the MR head signal
     amplifier and the data readback channel so that the thermal transients are
     corrected in the analog data signal prior to processing of the analog data
     signal into digital data. A detection circuit receives the analog data
     signal from the MR head, low-pass filters the signal and generates a
     thermal asperity event signal if the filtered signal exceeds a
     predetermined threshold. A correction circuit also receives the analog
     data signal from the MR head and includes a high-pass filter whose pole
     frequency is controlled by the thermal asperity event signal from the
     detection circuit. In the event of a detected thermal transient the pole
     frequency is quickly raised to bring the baseline of the analog data
     signal back to normal, which turns off the output of the detection
     circuit. The correction circuit then lowers the pole frequency gradually.
     The thermal transient detection/correction circuit thus quickly restores
     the baseline of the analog data signal to zero, quickly enables data to be
     read after the onset of a thermal transient and eliminates undershoot in
     the analog data signal due to the slowly changing tail of the thermal
     transient."
"A magnetoresistive device has an alloy film, including a ferromagnetic
     substance and a non-magnetic substance which is not soluble in solid phase
     in the ferromagnetic substance or is in a eutectic relation with the
     ferromagentic substance. The ferromagnetic substance forms grains in the
     non-magnetic substance, and the grains preferably have anisotropic shapes.
     The non-magnetic substance is conducting. The alloy film is composed of a
     plurality of alloy film stripes. Alternatively the magneto-resistive
     device includes a non-magnetic layer arranged between first and second
     magnetic layers, wherein the non-magnetic layer has 10 to 50 weight
     percent of grains of a magnetic substance dispersed therein."
"An MRI apparatus and method useful for both industrial applications and
     medical applications is provided. The apparatus and procedures are capable
     of estimating the value of a continuous property, such as concentration,
     viscosity or the like by interpolating or extrapolating from a model
     derived from training sets of data representing measurements of samples
     with known properties. A number of techniques are provided for
     objectifying the analysis. Cluster analysis techniques can be used to
     supplement, assist or replace subjective judgments by trained operators.
     Calculations or judgments regarding similarity can be made with respect to
     stored libraries of signatures, particularly where the library of stored
     signatures is obtained objectively, e.g., using cluster analysis,
     standardization and calibration. The signatures can be expanded signatures
     which include non-MR as well as MR data. Inhomogeneities in the field of a
     particular MR device can be corrected for based on measurements of a
     calibration standard having a homogeneous make up. MR measurements taken
     through different planes of a body or different times can be standardized
     by including, in at least some of the fields of view, a calibration
     standard which has a known MR signature."
"A variable stiffness suspension bushing (18) that is useful in a suspension
     of a motor vehicle to reduce brake shudder includes a shaft or rod (40)
     connected to a suspension member (12), an inner cylinder (42) fixedly
     connected to the shaft or rod (40), and an outer cylinder (44) fixedly
     connected to a chassis member (16). A magnetorheological (MR) elastomer
     (48), having iron particles embedded therein, is interposed between the
     inner (42) and outer (44) cylinders, and a coil (54) is disposed about the
     inner cylinder (42). When the coil (54) is energized by electrical current
     provided from a suspension control module (20), a variable magnetic field
     is generated so as to influence the magnetorheological (MR) elastomer (48)
     whereby variable stiffness values of the elastomer (48) are obtained to
     provide the bushing (18) with variable stiffness characteristics in order
     to eliminate compromises heretofore necessary when using single, fixed
     rate bushings."
"An electrostatic discharge protection device is provided for use with a
     magnetic read/write transducer. The electrostatic discharge protection
     device electrically interconnects the conductive elements of
     magnetoresistive (MR) and inductive heads to provide a low-resistance
     conductive path placing the conductive elements at a substantially equal
     electrical potential, thus minimizing electrostatic discharge. The
     electrostatic discharge protection device provides an electrical path
     between the conductive elements which is manually or automatically
     removable upon connection to a mating element. The electrostatic
     protection device has a resilient inward bias to connect electrically
     conductive elements such that a ground is established between them and is
     removed automatically upon insertion of the conductive elements into a
     mating receptacle which is interposed between the conductive elements and
     the electrostatic discharge protection device."
"The present invention provides a novel high magnetic moment material for
     the pole pieces as well as a metal-in-gap configuration for the pole tips
     of either an inductive magnetic head only or the inductive portion of a MR
     head. The novel material is Ni.sub.45 Fe.sub.55. In the MIG configuration
     each pole piece of the inductive head or the inductive head portion of a
     MR head has a combination of layers, each combination of layers including
     a first layer of high magnetic moment material Ni.sub.45 Fe.sub.55
     adjacent to a transducing gap and a second layer of low magnetic moment
     material such as Permalloy (Ni.sub.81 Fe.sub.19) further away from the
     gap. Since both layers are made of NiFe all the desirable properties of
     this type of material can be employed as well as simplifying its
     construction with similar plating baths. The saturation of the first
     layers is 50 to 60 percent higher than the saturation of the second
     layers. The present invention avoids effects of magnetostriction in spite
     of the high magnetic moment of the first layers. By appropriately
     selecting the thickness ratio of the second layer with respect to the
     first layer the magnetostriction of the laminated structure can be reduced
     substantially to zero. When this thickness ratio is in the order of five
     to nine the magnetostriction is reduced to, or slightly below, zero. If
     the inductive head is employed for write functions only then the second
     pole tip or both pole tips can be constructed of the high moment Ni.sub.45
     Fe.sub.55 material without any thickness ratio or MIG configuration
     constraints."
"The present invention is directed to prevention of breakdown caused by
     electrostatic discharge in an MR element.
An MR element constitutes a read element. A head support device 2 supports
     a magnetic head 1. A lead wire 3 is constituted with at least a pair of
     lead wires 31 and 32 and each of the pair of lead wires 31 and 32 is
     connected to the read element at one end. A terminal board 5 is provided
     with at least one pair of terminal conductors 52 and 53 on top of a hard
     substrate 51. The pair of terminal conductors 52 and 53 are provided with
     connecting areas 54 and 55 respectively on the same side, to which one end
     of which are connected the other ends of the lead wires 31 and 32
     respectively. The pair of terminal conductors 52 and 53 are electrically
     shorted from each other by a shorting portion 56 at a rearward position
     which is away from the connecting areas 54 and 55 over a distance. The
     substrate 51 is provided with grooves or perforations 57 which facilitate
     the cutting operation between the shorting portion 56 and the connecting
     areas 54 and 55."
"An open-loop biasing circuit for a magnetoresistive element provides high
     common mode and power supply rejection. Two current sources are connected
     together by two conduction paths. A first conduction path has two
     impedances. One impedance is tied between the first current source and
     ground and the second impedance is tied between the second current source
     and ground. The second conduction path includes the magnetoresistive
     element. A capacitive path between the two current sources reduces power
     supply noise and a voltage follower reduces parasitic capacitance in the
     capacitive path."
"In a magnetoresistive read transducer, a material which is inert with
     respect to the soft film magnetic biasing layer is formed at the surface
     of the substrate prior to soft film deposition. In a preferred embodiment
     of the present invention, a substrate surface layer of metal such as Cr or
     Ta is used. These metals have high resistivity due to partial oxidation
     when deposited on the substrate to reduce shunting of sensing current
     through the magnetoresistive layer, and further acts as a barrier to
     protect the soft film from substrate interface contamination. The surface
     layer also acts as a seed layer to set the soft film magnetization
     orientation in a well-defined direction therefore reducing magnetic
     instability."
"A read/write magnetic head assembly includes an inductive write head and a
     magnetoresistive (MR) read head. The inductive write head includes first
     and second magnetic poles, P1 and P2 respectively, which form a magnetic
     circuit with a write transducing gap. The P1 pole is formed in an integral
     structure with a wider extending flux shield section. The shield section
     extends from the lower surface of the P1 layer to define a stepped or
     staggered configuration. The MR head includes an MR sensor element that is
     disposed between a lower flux shielding layer and the P1 pole/shield
     section structure. The narrow width of the P1 pole layer at the write gap
     region and the extended shield section of the integral P1 pole/shield
     structure serve to reduce the write fringing field which occurs during the
     write mode. In this way, the recorded data tracks can be narrowed with a
     resultant increase in track density."
"A method is provided for manufacturing a magneto-optical memory element
     having guide grooves for storing information. The method includes applying
     a laser beam onto a resist film material located on a substrate to produce
     guide track grooves and address signal pits. Thereafter the resist film is
     developed. The remaining resist film is removed and a magnetic medium
     layer is deposited on the substrate."
"A magnetoresistance effect reproduction head which comprises a
     magnetoresistive layer having a central sensing region and an end domain
     control region and formed into a thin film of a ferromagnetic material, a
     hard magnetic layer overlapping with the end domain control region in
     direct contact therewith and formed into a thin film of a hard magnetic
     material, a magnetic field and a longitudinal magnetic bias field by
     ferromagnetic exchange coupling is generated for maintaining the central
     sensing region of the magnetoresistive layer in single domain state."
"The invention provides a method for effectively removing the cause of a
     thermal asperity (TA) phenomenon occurring at an MR head incorporated in a
     disk storage system. If a read error occurs in data read by the MR head, a
     CPU executes a usual read retry operation. If the read error is not
     removed by the usual read retry operation, the CPU presumes that the read
     error is caused by the thermal asperity phenomenon occurring at the MR
     head. Then, the CPU controls the MR head to move to a CSS zone on the
     disk, thereby executing a TA removal operation so as to remove a fine
     particle such as dust attached to the MR head. In the TA removal
     operation, the rotational speed of the disk is reduced so that the MR head
     can be brought into contact with the disk in the CSS zone."
"A process for adjusting a magneto-resistive sensor having a pair of current
     contacts and a pair of voltage contacts to compensate an offset error,
     without additional components. The magneto-resistive sensor (10) is
     charged with a homogeneous, definitely oriented magnetic field, a defined
     control current (I) is applied between its current contacts (22, 24) and
     at least one of the voltage contacts (30, 32) is trimmed, for example, by
     a laser beam (38), during the measurement of a pseudo-Hall voltage across
     the voltage contacts."
"Apparatus and methods for calibrating a thermal proximity sensor are
     disclosed. Thermal responses from a thermal proximity sensor are used to
     sense the instantaneous distance between the sensor and a medium over
     which the sensor is moved, in a data storage system. Sensing the
     instantaneous distance results in detection of topographical variations on
     the medium. Calibration techniques for the sensor are disclosed herein and
     involve, in one aspect, using primarily electrical measurements to
     calibrate the sensor; and in another aspect, varying the distance between
     the sensor and the medium, obtaining actual thermal responses from the
     sensor, and using the actual responses (via direct comparison or curve
     fitting) to calibrate the sensor. In one embodiment, the sensor is a
     magnetoresistive access element used to access data on the medium."
"A novel magtnetoresistive head unit includes an upper shield film and a
     lower shield film electrically connected to electrodes connected with an
     external source which are shorted by a shorting circuit without the
     intermediary of an MR element. The current due to static electricity
     generated in the process of element formation is made to flow through the
     shorting circuit thereby to prevent the electrostatic breakdown of the MR
     element and the dielectric breakdown between the MR element and the shield
     films. After cutting out a slider from the substrate, the upper and lower
     shield films are shorted by the shorting circuit, thereby preventing the
     electrostatic breakdown of the magnetoresistive element and the dielectric
     breakdown between the magnetoresistive element and the shield films during
     the assembly and transportation. The electrostatic breakdown is also
     prevented in the processes from the formation of the magnetoresistive (MR)
     element to the mounting of the MR element on the apparatus, thereby making
     it possible to fabricate an MR head and a write-read separated magnetic
     head with a high yield."
"A magnetoresistive head comprising longitudinal bias layers composed of
     .alpha.-Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3 provided under an magnetoresistive layer in close
     contact therewith, wherein an exchange anisotropic magnetic field is
     applied to the magnetoresistive layer from the longitudinal bias layers
     and the coercive force of the magnetoresistive layer is increased to
     several hundred Oe in exchange coupling regions with which the
     longitudinal bias layers are in close contact. The magnetization direction
     of the exchange coupling regions becomes stable in the x axis direction
     and sufficient longitudinal bias magnetic field is thereby applied to an
     region corresponding to the track width (Tw) of the magnetoresistive
     layer. Therefore, decreased Barkhausen noise and improved magnetic
     detection characteristics are achieved."
"A method of fabricating a stable, self-biased paired MR (magnetoresistive)
     sensor comprising the steps of depositing a first MR film with a diffusion
     barrier layer on either side on a substrate; depositing an oxide
     passivation/spacer layer on top of the first MR structure; depositing a
     second MR film with a diffusion barrier layer on either side on the spacer
     layer; depositing an oxide passivation layer on top of the second MR
     structure; wherein the MR films are deposited with induced uniaxial
     anisotropy; and thermal annealing both MR films to stabilize their
     anisotropy field."
"A pole-trimmed writer for an MR read/write data transducer which may be
     produced without significant re-deposition of Al.sub.2 O.sub.3 or NiFe on
     the sides of the writer poles. The process disclosed herein advantageously
     provides an upper (top) pole which is processed to project a pair of
     relatively thin, laterally extending lower flanges, prior to the use of
     the upper pole as a mask to subsequent ion milling of the lower pole, or
     shared shield. In a preferred embodiment, the process for producing the
     flange is implemented in conjunction with the deposition of a single
     copper (Cu) or dual Al.sub.2 O.sub.3 and chromium (Cr) overlayers formed
     on the upper pole seed layer followed by the top pole formation and
     selective removal of a predetermined amount of the underlying portions of
     the gap material prior to a subsequent ion milling operation and further
     processing of the read/write head."
"An electronic compass is described for use in vehicles. The compass employs
     a magnetoresistive sensor for sensing the earth magnetic field and the
     sensor is operated in alternate set/reset bias modes. In a first
     embodiment, the compass is provided with deviation compensation by a
     closed loop system including measurement of the sensor output signals and
     an offset current strap for nullifying the vehicle deviation field. In a
     second embodiment, deviation compensation is provided by operation in an
     initial calibration mode and by operation in a normal calibration mode to
     adjust compensation, as needed, on a long term basis during normal
     operation of the compass. In the initial calibration mode, while the
     vehicle is being driven, the signal peak values are adjusted to a nominal
     earth field level by changing the offset current. Then, compensating
     signal reference values for each axis are determined as each peak for that
     axis is determined. The system automatically exits the initial calibration
     mode when certain criteria have been met. In the normal compensation mode,
     The signal reference value for each axis is adjusted at least once during
     the time interval between turn-on and turn-off of the vehicle ignition
     switch."
"A disk drive servo system which provides a position error signal with an
     increased signal to noise ratio. Mixing waveforms are generated for mixing
     with dibit burst signals created when a transducer on a recording head of
     a disk drive magnetically couples to reference position dibits located on
     a magnetic surface of the disk drive. The mixing waveforms are formed from
     a finite integer number of sine waves which are coherent with the dibit
     burst signals. The mixed dibit burst signal are integrated and summed to
     create the position error signal. Customizing the mixing waveforms allows
     the signal to noise ratio of the position error signal to be maximized
     when a magneto-resistive transducer within the disk drive servo system has
     one of several non-ideal characteristics."
"The invention provides a sensing device capable of outputting a correct
     signal precisely corresponding to a particular position (angle) of, for
     example a protruding or recessed portion of a rotating member made of a
     magnetic material. The sensing device includes: a magnet for generating
     magnetic field; a rotary member of magnetic material for changing a
     magnetic field generated by the magnet, the rotary member of magnetic
     material being disposed a predetermined distance apart from the magnet;
     and a giant magnetoresistance device for detecting the varying magnetic
     field, the operating range of the giant magnetoresistance device being set
     such that the change in resistance of the giant magnetoresistance device
     is uniform over the entire operating range in both directions of change in
     the magnetic field induced by the rotary member of magnetic material,
     wherein the giant magnetoresistance device is disposed in such a manner
     that the center of the magnetic field sensing plane of the giant
     magnetoresistance device deviates from the center of the magnet in a
     direction parallel to a plane containing the displacement direction of the
     rotary member of magnetic material."
"In a magnetoresistive head, a magnetoresistive layer 6 detects a magnetic
     field signal from a magnetic recording medium on the basis of resistance
     changes, a soft magnetic bias layer 4 applies a transverse bias magnetic
     field to the magnetoresistive layer 6, a longitudinal bias layer 7 applies
     a longitudinal bias magnetic field to the magnetoresistive layer 6, a lead
     layer 8 supplies a sense current to the magnetoresistive layer 6, and the
     product of the saturation flux density of the soft magnetic layer and the
     resistivity thereof is 80 [T.multidot..OMEGA.cm] or above."
"An automatic computer implemented technique which may be used for
     identifying markers and determining the centroids of fiducial markers
     (e.g., cylindrical fiducial markers) attached to the head in magnetic
     resonance (MR) and X-ray computed tomography (CT) volume images is
     disclosed. This technique may be referred to as image space localization.
     A first portion of the technique identifies many candidate voxel points
     included in a bright area of the image which may correspond to candidate
     markers. A second portion of the technique selects from the identified
     candidate voxels a predetermined number of candidate points of the image
     volume that are most likely to lie within an actual fiducial marker. The
     centroid for each of these markers is then determined. The method finds
     markers whose images are of a higher intensity than their surroundings and
     which have a given shape and size."
"For preventing output drop with time of a MR magnetic head or similar
     apparatus including a magnetic field sensor in the form of a giant
     magnetoresistive element of the induced ferrimagnetic or spin-valve type
     in which antiparallelism of magnetization is induced between the magnetic
     layers by external magnetization, a magnetic field detecting apparatus
     comprising a magnetic field sensor using a giant magnetoresistive
     multilayer film of the induced ferrimagnetic type or the like includes a
     magnetic field generating means such as a permanent magnet. The magnetic
     field sensor is moved to the proximity of the magnetic field generating
     means and placed within the magnetic field when the magnetic field sensor
     is out of use or its detection sensitivity drops."
"A magnetic reading head having a magneto resistant element and improved
     polarization means. The polarization conductor is associated with a
     supplementary magnetic layer positioned opposite to the magnetoresistant
     element."
"A magnetic recording disk drive uses side-by-side read/write heads formed
     on head carriers that are substantially identical for both top and bottom
     disk surfaces. Thus, a common head carrier functions as a single
     manufacturable part usable for both top and bottom disk surfaces. The
     common head carrier has a trailing end with a pattern of components formed
     on it that includes three side-by-side transducers and sets of terminal
     pads. In the read/write/read side-by-side head arrangement, the first
     element is a center write element, such as an inductive coil, and the
     second and third elements are read elements, such as magnetoresistive read
     elements, that are generally equally spaced from the center write element.
     In common carriers to be used for the top disk surfaces, one of the read
     elements is electrically connected to the read/write channel of the disk
     drive, and in common carriers to be used for the bottom disk surfaces, the
     other read element on the common carrier is electrically connected to the
     read/write channel. The disk drive thus operates in cylinder mode with
     side-by-side heads using a common carrier for both top and bottom disk
     surfaces."
"For a balance adjustment due to a reduction in size and weight of an
     actuator, an arm portion, an axis attaching portion, and a coil supporting
     portion are arranged so that the centers of gravity on the coil side are
     located on a straight line connecting a rotational center and the center
     of gravity on the head side. Further, the improvement of an assembling
     efficiency of a VCM, an increase in torque, a one-touch fixing of an FPC
     connecting band, a noise prevention of a read pattern, and an insulation
     between the base and cover due to a bias of an MR read head are
     accomplished. A sector mark is detected by comparing a peak detection
     pulse and its reference polarity signal. A redundancy is provided to a
     reference detection polarity signal so that a read signal can be detected
     even if any one of the read signals of the sector marks is dropped out. A
     gray code detecting section for recognizing a cylinder address also
     detects on the basis of a peak detection pulse and a polarity signal due
     to the reading of a gray code. A memory space to store a program is
     divided into an ROM space of a small electric power consumption and an RAM
     space of a large electric power consumption and stores each peculiar
     program."
"A self-biased spin valve (SV) magnetoresistive (MR) sensor is disclosed
     having a free layer separated from a pinned layer by a spacer1 layer and
     further having the free layer separated from a keeper layer by a spacer2
     layer. The free layer being disposed between the keeper layer and the
     pinned layer. The keeper layer in combination with the sense current
     flowing in the sensor is used as a means of pinning the magnetization of
     the pinned layer. By using the soft keeper layer in combination with the
     sense current as a means of pinning the pinned layer magnetization as
     opposed to the use of the conventional antiferromagnetic layer, the SV
     sensor dependency on the blocking temperature of the antiferromagnetic
     layer is eliminated."
"A magnetoresistive head is disclosed which uses a crystalline soft magnetic
     film as an undercoat for a giant magnetoresistive film provided with at
     least one pair of ferro-magnetic films opposed to each other across a
     nonmagnetic intermediate layer or for an anisotropically magnetoresistive
     film. The crystalline soft magnetic film comprises a film which has as a
     main component thereof at least one element selected from the group
     consisting of Ni, Fe, and Co and simultaneously incorporates therein at
     least one element selected from the group consisting of Nb, Mo, V, W, Ti,
     Zr, Hf, and Ta and at least one element selected from the group consisting
     of Cr, Rh, Os, Re, Si, Al, Be, Ga, and Ge."
"In a disk drive using a write-wide inductive write element and a
     read-narrow magneto-resistive read element within a head transducer
     assembly for writing and reading magnetic patterns on a rotating magnetic
     storage disk in a plurality of concentric tracks, a track pattern formed
     in each concentric track includes embedded servo wedges wherein each wedge
     includes a servo position portion which is offset from a centerline of
     both the servo sector and a following user data sector by an amount
     related to offset between the inductive write and magneto-resistive
     elements of the head transducer assembly. Furthermore, the servo sector
     contains four servo bursts. The servo bursts are arranged such that each
     sequential burst is offset from a previous burst by a fractional offset
     increment. The fractional offset increment is typically one-third of a
     track pitch."
"A sensor for sensing at least one of angular position and rotation speed
     comprises a permanent magnet rotatable about an axis of rotation and at
     least three Wheatstone bridges each having four bridge resistors formed of
     magnetoresistive strip lines extending in planes parallel to a rotation
     plane of the permanent magnet. The bridge resistors of each of the at
     least three Wheatstone bridges are disposed on respective sides of
     quadrangles corresponding to respective ones of the at least three
     Wheatstone bridges. Each of the at least three Wheatstone bridges has two
     adjacently arranged ones of the bridge resistors connected to a
     half-bridge of respective ones of the at least three Wheatstone bridges.
     The quadrangles are disposed relative to one another rotated by a
     preselectable angle .alpha.. The at least three Wheatstone bridges each
     have an intersection point of virtual diagonals connecting corners of
     respective ones of the quadrangles, the intersection points being arranged
     substantially concentrically about the axis of rotation, and the at least
     three Wheatstone bridges are disposed so as to be equally and evenly swept
     by a field of the permanent magnet during rotation thereof to saturate the
     bridge resistors."
"A magnetoresistive multilayer film comprises at least a pair of a first and
     a second ferromagnetic layers provided with a nonmagnetic layer
     therebetween and laminated on a substrate, at least one of the pair of a
     first and a second ferromagnetic layers comprising at least two different
     kinds of magnetic materials, no clear interface existing between the
     different magnetic materials, and a concentration gradient in the
     ferromagnetic layer."
"The present invention relates to contrast agents comprising gas-containing
     or gas-generating polymer microparticles and/or microballoons, in which
     the polymer is a biodegradable polymer containing units of formula
     -[--(O).sub.m --CO--O--C(R.sup.1 R.sup.2)--O--CO--(O).sub.n --]- . R.sup.1
     and R.sup.2 each represent hydrogen or a carbon-attached monovalent
     organic group, or together form a carbon-attached divalent organic group,
     and m and n are each independently zero or one. The contrast agents may be
     used in diagnostic applications such as ultrasound and MR imaging."
"The present invention uncouples the dependence between the zero throat
     height and the flare point of a write head by recessing the first
     insulation layer within the first pole piece layer. The first pole piece
     layer and the first insulation layer have planar surfaces which preferably
     lie in a common plane, the zero throat height being defined at the point
     where the planar surface of the first pole piece layer first meets the
     planar surface of the first insulation layer within the head. It is also
     at this point that the first and second pole piece layers separate from
     one another. Accordingly, the zero throat height can be accurately placed
     relative to the stripe height of a magneto-resistive (MR) sensor. Further,
     when a photoresist layer is spun onto the partially completed head for the
     construction of the pole tip of the second pole piece light directed into
     the photoresist layer for photo-imaging the pole tip does not reflect into
     the photoresist layer adjacent the pole tip. Accordingly, there is
     substantially no reflective notching of the photoresist layer because of
     the flatness of the surfaces of the first pole piece layer and the first
     insulation layer thereby permitting construction of a well defined second
     pole tip."
"A disk drive system having a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor having four
     leads, two leads for providing sense current to an MR layer and two leads
     for providing current to a soft adjacent layer (SAL). The MR layer as well
     as the hard bias layers are electrically insulated from the SAL by an
     insulator. The voltages developed across the MR layer (voltages due to the
     presence of thermal asperities and voltages due to the presence of data
     fields) and the SAL (voltages due to the presence of thermal asperities)
     are applied to the inputs of a differential amplifier for substantial
     elimination of the thermal asperity signal."
"A magnetoresistive head achieves maximum signal output with minimal
     electromigration by use of two increased direct currents with different
     polarities which are directed periodically through a magnetoresistive
     element in opposite directions, with minimal long term directional
     diffusion for minimizing electromigration and for increasing the signal
     output. The magnetoresistive element defines two magnetic centers MC.sup.+
     and MC.sup.- that correspond to the polarities of the two currents, and
     the magnetic centers are positioned at optimal magnetic locations."
"A method for maximizing the interfacial properties of magnetoresistive
     sensors, such as spin valve and GMR sensors used in storage devices,
     comprises selecting the materials for ferromagnetic layers and for
     electrically conductive spacers that are interposed between the
     ferromagnetic layers. The electronegativities of the selected materials
     are substantially matched so that an absolute value of the differences in
     electronegativities is minimized. The conductive spacer material provides
     a relatively low resistivity and a large mean free path. The sensors
     experience greater chemical and thermal stability, are corrosion
     resistant, and realize an increased signal output."
"A disk drive system having a spin valve (SV) magnetoresistive (MR) sensor
     having four leads, two leads for providing sense current to an SV element
     and two leads for providing current to an asperity compensation layer
     (ACL). The SV element as well as the hard bias layers are electrically
     insulated from the ACL by an antiferromagnetic layer made of an insulating
     material. The voltages developed across the SV element (voltages due to
     the presence of thermal asperities and voltages due to the presence of
     data fields) and the ACL (voltages due to the presence of thermal
     asperities) are applied to the inputs of a differential amplifier for
     substantial elimination of the thermal asperity signal."
"A compound magnetoresistance effect material which is an oxide containing
     thallium(Tl) and manganese(Mn); wherein the oxide has a composition of
     Tl.sub.2 Mn.sub.2 O.sub.y where y represents seven or a value near to
     seven which varies depending on a combination of components of the oxide,
     a composition ratio between the components and conditions in synthesis of
     the oxide and has a pyrochlore structure."
"A tri-layer thin film magnetoresistive device using doped perovskite
     manganate thin films as ferromagnetic elements, wherein a current is
     transported through the tri-layer structure, is disclosed. A large
     magnetoresistance change of about a factor of two is obtained in a low
     magnetic field, less than 150 Oe, which is close to the coercivity of the
     material of the elements. This device demonstrates that low-field
     spin-dependent transport in the manganates can be accomplished and that
     the magnitude of the resulting magnetoresistance is suitable for
     magnetoresistive field sensor applications."
"A magneto-resistive head is provided with a substrate, a lower shield layer
     made of a Fe-system magnetic material and provided above the substrate,
     and a non-magnetic insulator layer provided above the lower shield layer.
     The non-magnetic insulator layer has a function of suppressing
     deterioration of surface roughness of the lower shield layer when
     subjected to an annealing process under a magnetic field in order to
     improve magnetic characteristics of the lower shield layer to desired
     magnetic characteristics."
"An MR head includes an MR film electrically connected to two lead layers
     that are asymmetric with respect to at least one of thickness and
     resistance. In a preferred embodiment of the present invention, the MR
     head includes a write pole that extends over a thinner lead layer and that
     terminates over the MR film so that the write pole does not extend over a
     thicker lead layer. In another preferred embodiment of the present
     invention, a thinner lead layer is connected to a single-ended
     preamplification circuit, and a thicker lead layer is connected to a
     ground or reference voltage."
"In a magnetoresistive head, in which a longitudinal bias magnetic field
     application permanent magnet film 5 and an electrode 6 are disposed on
     each side of an MR element 4, the MR element 4, permanent magnet film 5
     and electrode 6 are formed on a conductive under layer 3."
"A method and apparatus is provided which introduces a relative skew between
     a servo pattern and a magneto-resistive (MR) head in order to reduce
     interference introduced by inductive reading of shields formed as part of
     the MR head. The relative skew may be accomplished by introducing a skew
     angle directly on the head or by skewing the servo pattern formed on the
     magnetic medium relative to the head. Various skewed patterns may be used
     to reduce the overall interference."
"A method and apparatus adaptively controls the biasing current applied to
     individual magnetoresistive (MR) heads within a Direct Access Storage
     Device (DASD) to provide an optimized bias current based on the thermal
     properties of each MR read head. An optimal bias current is determined by
     using a ratio of resistances of the MR read head at different bias levels.
     The use of the resistance ratio allows the bias level to be optimally
     adjusted for each individual MR read head within a DASD unit based on the
     physical geometry of the individual MR stripe within the MR read heads.
     The optimal bias supply enhances MR read head sensitivity, improves the
     signal-to-noise ratio, and thereby reduces errors in reading data from
     magnetic storage media within the DASD. The maximum allowable bias current
     level is controlled so as to preserve the overall life expectancy of the
     MR heads."
"The invention provides a sensing device capable of outputting a
     high-accuracy signal precisely corresponding to a particular position
     (angle) of a rotating member made of a magnetic material without being
     disturbed by external noise. The sensing device includes: a magnet for
     generating a magnetic field; a rotating member made of a magnetic
     material, for changing the magnetic field generated by the magnet, the
     rotating member being disposed a predetermined distance apart from the
     magnet; and a giant magnetoresistance device whose resistance changes in
     response to the change in the magnetic field caused by the rotating member
     of magnetic material, wherein the size L.sub.3 of the magnetic field
     sensing plane of the giant magnetoresistance device is set to a value less
     than the smallest value of the dimensions L.sub.1 and L.sub.2 of the
     protruding and recessed portions of the rotating member of magnetic
     material, that is, the size L.sub.3 of the magnetic field sensing plane is
     set so that the following conditions are satisfied: L.sub.3
     .ltoreq.L.sub.1 and L.sub.3 .ltoreq.L.sub.2."
"A magnetic multilayer film having magnetoresistance (MR) is prepared by
     depositing at least two magnetic thin films having different coercive
     forces while interposing a non-magnetic thin film therebetween. A first
     magnetic thin film having a lower coercive force has a squareness ratio
     SQ.sub.1 of 0.01-0.5, an anisotropic magnetic field Hk of 1-20 Oe, and a
     thickness t.sub.1, a second magnetic thin film having a higher coercive
     force has a squareness ratio SQ.sub.2 of 0.7-1.0 and a thickness t.sub.2
     .ltoreq.t.sub.1, and the non-magnetic thin film has a thickness t.sub.3
     .ltoreq.200 .ANG.. A first preferred form requires 4 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.2
     &lt;30 .ANG. and 6 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.1 .ltoreq.200 .ANG.. A second preferred
     for requires 4 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.2 &lt;20 .ANG. and 10 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.1
     &lt;20 .ANG.. A third preferred form requires 4 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.2 &lt;30
     .ANG. and 6 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.1 .ltoreq.40 .ANG.. The magnetic multilayer
     film has a great MR ratio of more than several percents in a low external
     magnetic field, a sharp rise at zero magnetic field and high heat
     resistance. It also has improved hysteresis and MR slope in an applied
     magnetic field between -10 Oe and +10 Oe. It additionally has a high MR
     slope of at least 0.15%/Oe in an applied magnetic field between -50 Oe and
     +50 Oe, improved hysteresis of MR ratio, and a high MR slope in a
     high-frequency magnetic field. There are obtained high sensitivity MR
     sensors and MR heads capable of high density magnetic recording."
"A magneto-resistance effect magnetic head in which the MR effects of the
     two MR thin films of a MR device are balanced for suppressing Barkhausen
     noise and assuring a stabilized output. Between a lower-layer magnetic
     shield core and an upper layer magnetic shield core is arranged an MR
     device, made up of two MR thin films such that a distance d.sub.1 between
     the lower-layer magnetic shield core and the MR thin film is smaller than
     a distance d.sub.2 between the upper-layer magnetic shield core and the MR
     thin film. A film thickness t.sub.1 of the MR thin film towards the
     lower-layer magnetic shield core is set so as to be thinner than a film
     thickness t.sub.2 of the MR thin film towards the upper-layer magnetic
     shield core. Preferably, the relation 0.5&lt;t.sub.1 /t.sub.2 holds. Also, a
     resistivity .rho..sub.1 of the MR thin film closer to the lower layer
     magnetic shield core may be larger than a resistivity .rho..sub.2 of the
     MR thin film. Preferably, the relation .rho..sub.1 /.rho..sub.2 &gt;3 holds."
"The present invention discloses an improved structure and method of forming
     a dual magnetoresistive element head. The dual magnetoresistive element
     head includes a first and a second magnetoresistive element and leads
     extending from opposite end segments of each magnetoresistive element. In
     one aspect of the present invention, the first and second magnetoresistive
     elements and the leads are simultaneously formed from a wafer comprising a
     first and a second magnetic layer separated by an intermediate gap layer."
"In a magnetoresistive head, a magnetoresistive layer (6) detects a magnetic
     field signal from a magnetic recording medium on the basis of resistance
     changes, a soft magnetic bias layer (4) applies a transverse bias magnetic
     field to the magnetoresistive layer (6), a longitudinal bias layer (7)
     applies a longitudinal bias magnetic field to the magnetoresistive layer,
     a lead layer (8) supplies a sense current to the magnetoresistive layer
     (6). The soft magnetic bias layer (4) is made of a material having a
     transverse uni-axial anisotropy field, and the magnitude of the anisotropy
     field is below 20 [Oe]."
"The present invention provides a magnetoresistive head wherein: a
     magnetoresistive film is created in a read-track region at the center of
     the magnetoresistive head; an antiferromagnetic film and a ferromagnetic
     film experiencing an exchange coupling magnetic field due to direct
     contact with the antiferromagnetic film are created on each end of the
     magnetoresistive film outside the read-track region in such a way that the
     ferromagnetic film is located beside the magnetoresistive film; a
     nonmagnetic intermediate film is created between the magnetoresistive film
     and the ferromagnetic film for preventing ferromagnetic coupling from
     being developed on a contact boundary surface between the magnetoresistive
     film and the ferromagnetic film and for making crystal orientations of the
     antiferromagnetic film and the ferromagnetic film uniform; and bias
     magnetization is applied to the magnetoresistive film by exchange coupling
     between the antiferromagnetic film and the ferromagnetic film."
"The magnetic states of MR reproducing heads are reinitialized during media
     drive manufacturing by applying initializing magnetic fields to the
     transducers after they have been manufactured and incorporated into media
     drive assemblies."
"A method for forming a dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element.
     The method employs a lift off stencil an etch mask for sequentially
     anisotropically etching a blanket second magnetoresistive (MR) layer, a
     blanket inter stripe dielectric layer and a blanket first magnetoresistive
     (MR) layer to form a patterned second magnetoresistive (MR) layer, a
     patterned inter stripe dielectric layer and a patterned first
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer with fully aligned edges. The lift off stencil
     is then employed as a lift off mask in forming a patterned dielectric
     layer covering the fully aligned edges. In a second embodiment a window
     within a lift off stencil is employed as an etch mask in forming aligned
     edges of a trimmed patterned first magnetoresistive (MR) layer and a
     trimmed patterned second magnetoresistive (MR) layer within the composite
     track width of a patterned first magnetoresistive (MR) layer and a
     patterned second magnetoresistive (MR) layer which are offset."
"In a magnetoresistance multilayer film comprising at least two magnetic
     layers on a substrate, with a nonmagnetic layer intervening between the
     magnetic layers, each interface between the magnetic layer and the
     nonmagnetic layer is corrugated in both X and Y directions of a substrate
     major surface. The corrugations of the interface are formed by providing
     the substrate surface with a multiplicity of asperities distributed in
     both X and Y directions and depositing magnetic layers and nonmagnetic
     layers thereon. The film shows a linear rise of MR change in an applied
     magnetic field within a very low range of 0 to about 40 Oe."
"An oxide (NiO, CoO, NiCoO) antiferromagnetic exchange bias layer produced
     by ion beam sputtering of an oxide target in pure argon (Ar) sputtering
     gas, with no oxygen gas introduced into the system. Antiferromagnetic
     oxide layers are used, for example, in magnetoresistive readback heads to
     shift the hysteresis loops of ferromagnetic films away from the zero field
     axis. For example, NiO exchange bia layers have been fabricated using ion
     beam sputtering of an NiO target using Ar ions, with the substrate
     temperature at 200.degree. C., the ion beam voltage at 1000V and the beam
     current at 20 mA, with a deposition rate of about 0.2 .ANG./sec. The
     resulting NiO film was amorphous."
"A sliding mode controller is disclosed for controlling the motion of a
     magnetoresistive (MR) read head actuated by a voice coil motor over a
     rotating magnetic disk storage medium. The magnetic disk comprises a
     plurality of concentric data tracks recorded thereon wherein each data
     track comprises user data and servo data. The sliding mode controller
     operates by multiplying a head position error phase state and a head
     position error velocity phase state by respective switching gains to force
     the phase states to follow a predetermined phase state trajectory. The
     phase state trajectory can be defined by a single linear segment, a
     variable linear segment, multiple linear segments over the entire region
     of excursion, or optimum parabolic acceleration and deceleration segments.
     Switching logic, responsive to the phase states and a trajectory segment
     value .sigma., switches between positive and negative feedback gains to
     drive the phase states toward a current trajectory segment. A .sigma.
     processing block monitors the phase states to determine when to switch
     from a current trajectory segment to the next trajectory segment. The
     resulting servo control system is relatively inexpensive to implement in
     either software or hardware, and it is substantially insensitive to
     parametric changes, external load disturbances, and non-linearities
     inherent in controlling MR read heads. Further, it does not require notch
     filters commonly used in conventional linear controllers to compensate for
     mechanical resonances."
"A magnetoresistive sensor and preamplifier system has an excess
     differential imbalance detector, (a) for detecting magnitude differences
     between a pair of signals occurring at the output of a preamplifier
     subsystem due to modal transitions, and (b) for initiating action to
     overcome same. The excess imbalance detector changes a threshold therein
     to become more sensitive to smaller imbalances in the output signals being
     monitored after detection of a modal transition imbalance."
"The present invention provides an exchange coupling film having a
     stacked-film-structure consisting of a ferromagnetic film made of at least
     one material of Fe, Co and Ni, and an antiferromagnetic film, wherein the
     exchange coupling film made of a ferromagnetic material to which an
     element is added, is provided at the interface between the ferromagnetic
     film and the antiferromagnetic film so as to improve the lattice matching,
     which results in the enhancement of the exchange coupling force, and a
     magnetoresistance effect element including such an exchange coupling film
     as described above, and an electrode for supplying a current to the
     ferromagnetic film which constitutes the exchange coupling film."
"An improved method of manufacturing is provided for making an improved
     merged MR head. The method employs a photoresist mask with
     appropriately-sized openings for simultaneously etching numerous vias to
     various depths over a set time period. After formation of the vias, a
     single photoresist mask is employed to pattern in one step gap layers G3,
     G2, G1 and a first shield layer S1 to the desired lateral configuration
     for the merged MR head. Subsequent to patterning these thin film layers,
     double insulation layers I2 and I3 are individually soft baked on top of
     the coil structure of the head followed by patterning of the layers I2/I3
     by a single photoresist mask. These layers are then hard baked to retain
     the desired smooth configuration of the layers. The improved merged MR
     head has a smooth configuration to its top pole piece P2 because of the
     smooth configuration of the I2/I3 layer so that flux leakage and
     saturation problems are minimized."
"Metal-in-the-gap (MIG) transducing head formed on a substrate for use in a
     magnetic storage device for writing and/or reading data in the form of
     magnetic flux onto and/or from tracks on magnetic media which moves
     relative to the head, formed by batch processing techniques. In preferred
     embodiment, MIG head is write head and further includes magnetoresistive
     read head, all on a common substrate."
"A magneto-resistive (MR) head has an MR layer in a space formed by shield
     layers by providing a distance enough to protect magnetic flux, flowing
     through the MR layer from a recording medium through a gap formed by the
     shield layers, from leaking out to the shield layers. A flux guide is
     provided between the MR layer and the gap, and has an end magnetically
     connected to the MR, extending over an effective area of the MR head, and
     another end having a width a little narrower than a width of track of the
     recording medium. A side of the MR layer, opposite to the side connected
     with the flux guide layer is placed in a narrow space formed at a corner
     of the space. Magnetic flux leaked from the gap due to a sense current
     flowing through the MR layer is eliminated by making a current flow
     through a recording coil layer or through an electrically conductive layer
     placed in the space."
"A magnetic recording disk drive with a magnetoresistive (MR) read sensor or
     head has a shock and vibration detection circuitry responsive to a
     thermoresistive signal contained in the signal from the head. The MR head
     is heated by an electrical bias current and is supported on the head
     carrier near the surface of the disk. External shock or vibration to the
     disk drive alters the spacing between the carrier and the disk, which
     causes fluctuations in the head temperature due to cooling of the heated
     head by the disk. These temperature fluctuations are reflected in the
     signal from the head as a thermoresistive signal comprising modulation of
     a baseline voltage level. The shock detection circuitry compares positive
     and negative excursions of this thermoresistive signal with a
     predetermined threshold voltage level. When the threshold is exceeded,
     indicating an external shock or vibration in excess of an allowable limit,
     writing of data is inhibited."
"In a magnetoresistance effect device that has leads, a magnetic gap layer,
     and a magnetic shield layer that are laminated on a magnetoresistance
     effect film, an insulation film is formed on a main surface at the edge
     portions of the leads (namely, on a non-tapered surface). Thus, a film
     quality deteriorated region of the magnetic gap layer is spaced apart from
     an electric field concentrated portion. In addition, the insulation film
     has a mask layer on a conductor layer formed on the magnetoresistance
     effect film. When a pair of leads are formed by the ion-milling process, a
     magnetic gap layer is formed with the mask layer on the non-tapered
     surface of the leads. Thus, since an insulation film is formed at the edge
     portions of the leads, the lower corner portion of the magnetic gap layer
     becomes an edge portion of the insulation film. In this portion, the
     deterioration of the film quality is inevitable. However, the electric
     field concentrated portion is still the edge portions of the leads. Thus,
     since the film quality deteriorated portion is spaced apart from the
     electric field concentrated portion, the dielectric breakdown hardly takes
     place."
"An MR sensor includes an MR layer and permanent magnets defining an active
     area on the MR layer. A bi-layer test structure is fabricated with a
     permanent magnet layer deposited on a substrate and an MR layer deposited
     on the permanent magnet layer. If desired, a SAL may be deposited prior to
     deposition of the permanent magnet layer. A DC magnetic field is applied
     to the bi-layer test structure, and the strength of the DC magnetic field
     is varied. During application of the DC magnetic field, the magnetic
     response of the bi-layer test structure is measured to determine a
     hysteresis loop of the bi-layer structure. The exchange coupling between
     the permanent magnet layer and the MR layer is characterized by a point of
     inflection identified on the measured hysteresis loop."
"The present invention relates to a magnetic recording medium for use in an
     external memory device of an information processing apparatus etc., and an
     object thereof is to reduce noise, achieve high coercive force, and use
     the substance as a magnetic recording medium for detecting signals in a
     magnetoresistance head. In the magnetic recording medium comprising the
     magnetic recording layer 25 including ferromagnetic grains 22 and a
     nonmagnetic substance 23, the improvement in structure comprises that the
     ferromagnetic grains 22 are formed to have respectively an average grain
     diameter of 50 nm or less and not to be overlapped in the film thickness
     direction and to be isolated in the direction along a layer surface, and
     that a product of residual magnetization and a film thickness of the
     magnetic recording layer 25 is less than or equal to 150
     Gauss.cndot..mu.m."
"A central active area includes a MR film, a nonmagnetic spacer film and a
     soft magnetic film with the MR film constituting the lowermost layer on
     top of a supporting body, the nonmagnetic spacer film laminated on top of
     the MR film and the soft magnetic film laminated on top of the nonmagnetic
     spacer film to provide a lateral bias field to the MR film. A magnetic
     transducer and a thin film magnetic head with which the main peak width in
     the off track characteristics can be increased and, consequently, the
     margin can be increased are provided."
"A circuit forming part of an arm electronics module installed on an
     actuator arm that measures the voltage across an MR head A control unit
     supplies a measurement enable signal that enables a measurement enable
     circuit. A current bias circuit, responsive to the control unit, supplies
     a bias current to the MR head. A common node in the circuit provides a
     voltage signal responsive to the voltage across the MR head, with an added
     diode V.sub.BE drop across an input transistor. A voltage measurement
     amplifier has an input node and an output node that supplies an output
     voltage reduced in voltage by one diode drop (V.sub.BE). An input switch,
     responsive to the measurement enable signal is coupled between the input
     node and the common node. An output switch, responsive to the measurement
     enable signal is coupled between the output node and an output terminal.
     The output terminal is connected to a connector pin in an electrical
     connector via a flex cable to provide a convenient point for test and
     calibration apparatus to sample the MR head voltage. The circuit
     advantageously allows the MR head's voltage to be measured during assembly
     of and after merging into a disk enclosure, providing essential
     information for optimizing each MR head's operating point. Furthermore, an
     electrical short circuit may be provided across the MR head during the
     manufacturing process to prevent damage to the MR head due to
     electro-static discharge (ESD). The short can be left in place until
     merging into the disk enclosure and then, after merging, the voltage
     measurement circuit can be utilized to measure the voltage of the head
     with the short removed. Furthermore, the voltage measurement circuit can
     be enabled some time after normal operation of the disk drive begins, for
     purposes such as reoptimizing the bias currents through the MR heads or
     for failure analysis."
"A magnetoresistance effect element comprises a magnetic body obtained by
     dispersing magnetic metal particles containing at least one magnetic
     element selected from the group consisting of Fe, Co, and Ni in a
     semiconductor matrix."
"This invention relates to the magnetic recording medium, its manufacturing
     method and the magnetic disk apparatus, in which the ferromagnetic thin
     film is formed on the substrate board, and the protective layer is
     provided on that. A Magnetic recording medium of the has at least one
     layer of the protective layer on the magnetic surface, which is
     characterized in that the surface of the protective layer is provided with
     the high noncontinuous large resistance layer, and the density of the
     surface of the protective layer is higher than other regions other than
     the said surface.
The magnetic recording medium has the surface of the protective layer which
     contains at least one kind or more of the element of the inert gas
     element, the halogen element and hydrogen.
Therefore, when making a lower flying height of the magnetic head is
     achieved, the slide durability over the long term is improved,
     particularly, the slide durability of the magnetic disk apparatus using
     the MR head can be improved."
"A method of manufacturing a magnetic head apparatus with a magnetoresistive
     head utilizing the spin valve effect includes a final heat treatment step
     (S14) of heating the multi-layered spin valve structure (15) with
     application of a magnetic field in a direction perpendicular to a track
     width direction of the spin valve magnetoresistive head so that a thin
     film layer of soft ferromagnetic material (3, 5) to be pinned by a thin
     film layer of antiferromagnetic material (6) has a uniaxial anisotropy.
     This final heat treatment step (S14) is executed after all the steps (S1,
     S3, S5, S7, S8, S9, S11) each of which includes a heat treatment stage
     executed at a temperature which will vary a uniaxial anisotropy of the
     pinned thin film layer of soft ferromagnetic material (3,5) are completed."
"The invention is directed toward a lapping apparatus and method for
     accurately obtaining the height of a magnetoresistive (MR) element of a
     magnetic head during a lapping process. The apparatus includes a source
     for inducing a magnetic excitation field, and a current source for
     applying a sense current to a prepatterned photolithographically formed MR
     element. A sensor monitors the resistance of the MR element in response to
     variations in the magnetic excitation field, and controls the lapping
     process in response to the monitored resistance of the MR element. In one
     embodiment, the MR element includes a GMR formed of a stack of parallel MR
     layers and operates either in a CPP (Current-Perpendicular-to-the Plane)
     mode or in a CIP (Current-In-the Plane) mode. In a particular embodiment,
     the magnetic excitation field is generated by a conductor formed on the
     magnetic head."
"A thin film slider with an on-board multi-layer integrated circuit includes
     a substrate with an air bearing surface and a substantially parallel upper
     surface spanned by a deposit end. A magnetic head being formed at the
     deposit end, positioned to magnetically exchange data with a magnetic
     recording medium that passes beneath the air bearing surface. The upper
     surface bears an integrated multi-layer accessory circuit, which may be
     prepared using the CUBE process. Hence, components and vias of the
     different circuit layers are attached by interconnections that span the
     edges of the circuit layers. The accessory circuit preferably includes one
     or more memory devices, such as a cache memory, a DRAM circuit, an EPROM
     circuit, or another memory circuit appropriate to the application. In
     embodiments where the magnetic head is a magnetoresistive (""MR"") head, the
     accessory circuit may also include a pre-amplifier and a sensing circuit
     to support operation of the MR head. The accessory circuit may also
     include electrostatic discharge (""ESD"") protection circuitry to increase
     the accessory circuit's resistance to damage caused by ESD."
"A magnetoresistive head comprises a magnetoresistive layer having an axis
     of easy magnetization in the direction parallel to an air bearing surface,
     a first electrode formed on the magnetoresistive layer on the air bearing
     surface side and an oblique side portion with respect to the air bearing
     surface, and a second electrode formed to be separated at a distance from
     the first electrode and having a side portion substantially parallel to
     the oblique side portion of the first electrode on the magnetoresistive
     layer."
"An asymmetric quadrature-providing servo burst format for a tracking servo
     within a hard disk drive is particularly well suited for MR heads. The
     four-burst format may be written onto the disk with only two servo-writer
     passes per track by using an alternating one-third, two-thirds track pitch
     regimen. During operation of a drive incorporating the servo format of the
     present invention, the servo system uses an appropriate combination of
     bursts and burst sums, based on burst amplitude profiles, in order to
     achieve optimized position error signal (PES) continuity and linearity as
     the head moves off of nominal track centerline of each concentric data
     track."
"An automatic computer implemented technique which may be used for
     identifying markers and determining the centroids of fiducial markers
     (e.g., cylindrical fiducial markers) attached to the head in magnetic
     resonance (MR) and X-ray computed tomography (CT) volume images is
     disclosed. This technique may be referred to as image space localization.
     A first portion of the technique identifies many candidate voxel points
     included in a bright area of the image which may correspond to candidate
     markers. A second portion of the technique selects from the identified
     candidate voxels a predetermined number of candidate points of the image
     volume that are most likely to lie within an actual fiducial marker. The
     centroid for each of these markers is then determined. The method finds
     markers whose images are of a higher intensity than their surroundings and
     which have a given shape and size."
"A horizontal combined head is provided which has both a thin film write and
     an MR read element located at an air bearing surface (ABS). The read
     element can be formed with a track width that is independent of the track
     width of the write element. The MR sensor or the read element is separated
     from one of the first and second pole pieces of the write element by an
     insulation layer. Accordingly, the shields for the read element remain
     more stable after a write operation. In one embodiment of the present
     invention a single stripe MR sensor is employed while in a second
     embodiment a dual stripe MR sensor is employed. A method of the invention
     includes forming the dual MR stripe in a single process step so that the
     dual MR stripes of the dual MR sensor are near identical for implementing
     near absolute common mode rejection of noise."
"A dual spin valve (DSV) magnetoresistive (MR) sensor has a free magnetic
     layer disposed between first and second pinned magnetic layers. The first
     pinned layer has two magnetic sublayers separated from each other by an
     antiparallel spacer. The first magnetic sublayer closer to the free layer
     has a magnetic moment which is smaller than the magnetic moment of the
     second magnetic sublayer. The net moment of the magnetic sublayers is
     chosen to be equal to the magnetic moment of the second pinned layer thus
     creating a flux closure and substantially minimizing the effect of the
     demagnetizing forces. By creating a flux closure and current induced
     magnetic fields, the first and second pinned layers' magnetization are
     fixed. This is in contrast with conventional dual spin valve sensors using
     two antiferromagnetic layers to pin the magnetization of the pinned
     layers."
"A method and apparatus for reducing the number of wires needed between the
     read/write elements and the AE module. An inductive coil and a
     magneto-resistive element are formed on a substrate such that each
     includes an input signal lead and a ground return lead terminal. The
     ground return lead terminal of the inductive coil and the
     magneto-resistive element share a common ground return lead. The common
     ground return lead may be formed using a distinct wiring construct or by
     using a conductive substrate. A conductive suspension may also be formed
     wherein the conductive substrate is coupled to the conductive suspension.
     The input signal lead of the inductive coil and the magneto-resistive
     element may also share a common connector pad for providing signal
     coupling. A current flow element may be used to control the flow of
     current through the inductive coil and the magneto-resistive element."
"A magnetoresistive head including a magnetoresistive film formed in a
     read-track region, and antiferromagnetic and ferromagnetic films are
     formed on each end of the magnetoresistive film outside of the read-track
     region such that bias magnetization is applied to the magnetoresistive
     film by exchange coupling between the antiferromagnetic film and the
     ferromagnetic film. A nonmagnetic intermediate film is formed between the
     ferromagnetic film and the magnetoresistive film for preventing
     ferromagnetic coupling on a contact boundary surface between the
     ferromagnetic film and the magnetoresistive film. In accordance with
     another aspect, a magnetoresistive head includes an antiferromagnetic
     layer formed from an X--Mn alloy, where X is an element selected from the
     group consisting of Pt, Rh, Ru, Tr, and Pd. An interdiffusion layer is
     formed between the antiferromagnetic film and a ferromagnetic layer or a
     pinned magnetic layer by heat treatment."
"A magnetoresistive head including a first magnetoresistive element, a
     second magnetoresistive element, and an antiferromagnetic layer interposed
     between the first and second magnetoresistive elements. The
     antiferromagnetic layer may be replaced by two antiferromagnetic sub
     layers which are formed on the outer sides of the first and second
     magnetoresistive elements, respectively."
"A thin film magnetic head having a slider and a magnetic transducing
     element for reading, wherein the slider is provided with an air bearing
     surface; the magnetic transducing element for reading includes conductor
     films, a magnetoresistive element and magnetic shield films and is
     provided on the slider; the conductor films are composed of two conductor
     films contiguously arranged interposing a first spacing and a second
     spacing, the first spacing being disposed on the side of the air bearing
     surface specifying a track width, the second spacing being disposed on the
     backward side of the first spacing; the magnetoresistive element is
     connected between the first and the second conductor films crossing the
     first spacing; the magnetic shield films include a lower magnetic shield
     film and an upper shield film, the lower magnetic shield film being
     located on the lower side of the conductor films and the magnetoresistive
     element and the upper magnetic shield film being located on the upper side
     of the conductor films and the magnetoresistive element; and the conductor
     films are arranged so that a size of the second spacing is equal to or
     less than 10 .mu.m."
"Magnetoresistive elements according to this invention comprise magnetically
     soft material in close proximity to the magnetoresistive material,
     exemplarily a perovskite manganite. The combination results in magnetic
     field ""amplification"", with large resistance changes attainable at
     relatively low applied fields. The invention exemplarily is embodied in
     magnetic sensors, e.g., magnetoresistive read/write heads."
"A reduced-power dynamic magnetic transducer system includes a
     magnetoresistive read head, a low duty cycle pulse generator to supply
     power to the head, a signal processor, and a controller. As a data-bearing
     card is moved adjacent to the magnetoresistive read head, the pulse
     generator actuates the read head, thereby providing an intermittent signal
     representative of data recorded on the card. The intermittent signal is
     processed by the signal processor to reconstruct the original recorded
     data. The reconstructed data is utilized by the controller in conducting
     transactions with a user of the system."
"The present invention includes a magnetoresistive type sensor having a
     first sensor layer of NiFe and a first layer of antiferromagnetic
     material, preferably NiMn. Portions of the first NiFe layer are deposited
     directly on top of the first layer of antiferromagnetic material such that
     the portions of the first NiFe sensor layer are in contact with the first
     layer of antiferromagnetic material. The first layer of antiferromagnetic
     material exchange couples with the first NiFe sensor layer to thereby
     provide domain stabilization of the first NiFe sensor layer. The first
     layer of antiferromagnetic material is deposited directly on top of a
     first baselayer of molybdenum to enhance the exchange coupling between the
     first NiFe sensor layer and the first antiferromagnetic layer."
"A magnetic tunnel junction device, usable as a memory cell or an external
     magnetic field sensor, has a tunneling magnetoresistance response, as a
     function of applied magnetic field, that is substantially symmetric about
     zero field. The magnetic tunnel junction is made up of two ferromagnetic
     layers, one of which has its magnetic moment fixed and the other of which
     has its magnetic moment free to rotate, an insulating tunnel barrier layer
     between the ferromagnetic layers for permitting tunneling current
     perpendicularly through the layers, and a nonferromagnetic layer located
     at the interface between the tunnel barrier layer and one of the
     ferromagnetic layers. The nonferromagnetic layer increases the spacing
     between the tunnel barrier layer and the ferromagnetic layer at the
     interface and thus reduces the magnetic coupling between the fixed and
     free ferromagnetic layers, which has been determined to be the cause of
     unsymmetric tunneling magnetoresistance response about zero field. Even
     though the nonferromagnetic interface layer presents nonspin-polarized
     electronic states at the tunnel barrier layer interface, it unexpectedly
     does not cause a suppression of the tunneling magnetoresistance."
"A magnetic read head having a multilayer magnetoresistant element and a
     concentrator, and a method of production the magnetic read head. The
     magnetic head includes a multilayer magnetoresistant element across a head
     gap of the concentrator positioned to the rear of pole pieces defining the
     gap of the head. Such a magnetic head may find particular application to
     magnetic recording."
"A magnetic head structure including a magnetoresistive (MR) head and an
     inductive head for data storage devices such as tape drives. A method of
     fabricating a magnetic head utilizing semiconductor-type processing
     techniques is described that produces an inductive head gap having a
     substantially flat planar structure throughout in length which, in one
     embodiment, has a length of 150 microns and a height of one micron. The
     structure includes a first and second shield, and an MR layer formed
     therebetween that includes an MR sensor adjacent to the air bearing
     surface (ABS), leads connected on opposite sides of the MR sensor, and
     isolated segments situated between the leads and extending all the way to
     the ABS. A trench (i.e. gap) is formed between the leads and the segments.
     Preferably, the leads and the segments are deposited simultaneously, and
     the insulating gap is formed subsequently by photoresist and masking
     techniques. By isolating the segments electrically, the leads are isolated
     from short circuits appearing across the ABS, thereby reducing noise,
     enhancing reliability and providing better performance, while at the same
     time providing a substantially flat structure upon which to form the
     inductive head and thereby provide a substantially uniform inductive head
     gap. Embodiments include merged heads and piggyback heads."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) transducer is disclosed in which an exchange
     coupled anisotropy field is provided by an antiferromagnetic NiMn alloy in
     contact with the MR alloy. Improved exchange coupling is achieved using an
     MR layer and adjacent NiMn exchange coupling layer which have
     substantially fcc structure and a preferred {111} crystalline orientation.
     The exchange bias field is observed to correlate strongly with the
     structural order of the films. A preferred method of fabricating the MR
     transducer enhances the structural order of the layers during growth,
     thereby reducing a post-deposition anneal typically required in such
     processes. The preferred fabrication process further provides greater
     predictability and control over the resulting exchange coupling."
"A composite thin film slider with a protruding R/W device formed by
     chemical-mechanical polishing to protrude above its substrate and thereby
     reduce the distance between the R/W device and the recording media. The
     slider includes a ceramic or non-ceramic substrate with a substantially
     planar bearing surface, and a R/W device. The R/W device includes an
     insulator and certain conductive R/W components, deposited onto the
     substrate's deposit end. The R/W components may include, for example, a
     magnetic shield layer, a MR stripe layer, and a magnetic pole tip layer,
     all layered over the deposit end of the substrate. The R/W components
     protrude from the insulator sufficiently to extend past the substrate's
     bearing surface. To manufacture this slider, a substrate with the R/W
     device deposited thereon is polished with a lapping slurry to
     disproportionately erode the substrate and insulator with respect to the
     R/W components. The R/W components therefore protrude from the insulator
     and the ceramic substrate's bearing surface."
"Disclosed is a planarizing layer for use in an MR read/inductive write head
     combination, and a method for constructing the same. In the preferred
     embodiment, a planarizing layer comprising a plurality of planar sections
     of conductive material is formed in the plane of the lower pole piece of
     an inductive head. The planar sections, in cooperation with the lower pole
     piece, provide a substantially planar surface on which to form the
     inductive coil. Two of the planar sections are electrically coupled to
     respective MR leads, and include protrusions extending from the perimeter
     of the inductive coil to enable electrical access by a pair of read
     terminal pads. A third planar section is electrically coupled to the inner
     coil tap of the inductive coil, and includes a protrusion extending from
     the perimeter of the inductive coil to enable electrical access by a write
     terminal pad."
"An MR element includes a magnetoresistive film, a first magnetic shield
     film and a second magnetic shield film. The MR film includes at least one
     magnetic field response film, which responds to an external magnetic
     field. The first magnetic shield film and the second magnetic shield film
     are positioned at the two sides of the MR film. The first magnetic shield
     film includes a magnetic film, whose saturation magnetization is lower
     than the saturation magnetization of the magnetic field response film. The
     magnetic film occupies a position that is close to the magnetic field
     response film."
"A magnetoresistive head is composed of a soft magnetic layer formed on a
     substrate, a magnetic isolation layer formed on the soft magnetic layer, a
     magnetoresistive layer formed on the magnetic isolation layer, and a
     magnetic domain controlling magnetic layer, which is made of an
     anti-ferromagnetic layer or a hard ferromagnetic layer having a
     magnetically nonactive thickness, for covering a sense region of the
     magnetoresistive layer. Accordingly, because the magnetic domain
     controlling magnetic layer grows on the magnetoresistive layer in
     succession to the growth of the magnetoresistive layer, there is no
     probability that a natural oxide is produced in a boundary region between
     the magnetoresistive layer and the magnetic domain controlling magnetic
     layer. Also, there is no probability that a film thickness of the
     magnetoresistive layer placed under the magnetic domain controlling
     magnetic layer changes. Therefore, an exchange coupling magnetic field of
     the magnetic domain controlling magnetic layer for the magnetoresistive
     layer can be stabilized, a Barkhausen noise can be suppressed, and a
     superior magnetoresistive effect characteristic can be stably obtained."
"A magneto-resistive read head having a ""parasitic shield"" provides an
     alternative path for currents associated with sparkovers, thus preventing
     such currents from damaging the read head. The parasitic shield is
     provided in close proximity to a conventional magnetic shield. The
     electrical potential of parasitic shield is held essentially equal to the
     electrical potential of the sensor element. If charges accumulate on the
     conventional shield, current will flow to the parasitic shield at a lower
     potential than would be required for current to flow between the
     conventional shield and the sensor element. Alternatively, conductive
     spark gap devices are electrically coupled to sensor element leads and to
     each magnetic shield. Each spark gap device is brought within very close
     proximity of the substrate to provide an alternative path for charge that
     builds up between the sensor element and the substrate to be discharged.
     The ends of the spark gaps that are brought into close proximity of the
     substrate are preferably configured with high electric field density
     inducing structures which reduce the voltage required to cause a sparkover
     between the spark gap device and the substrate."
"A switching apparatus for switching between channels within a read/write
     pre-amplifier circuit in a multi-channel magnetic media storage system
     switches between the channels and couples an active magnetoresistive
     sensor to receive biasing current and to a pre-amplifier circuit. When a
     read operation is requested from a specific channel within the magnetic
     media storage system, a control signal line corresponding to an
     appropriate magnetoresistive sensor is activated. Each channel includes a
     first corresponding transistor which is enabled by an appropriate control
     signal line, allowing current to flow through the first transistor to
     enable a second corresponding transistor that is coupled to the
     magnetoresistive sensor. Once enabled the second transistor couples the
     magnetoresistive sensor to a pre-amplifier stage and to receive biasing
     current. The magnetoresistive sensor then transmits pulses, corresponding
     to the data being read from the magnetic medium, which are amplified by
     the pre-amplifier stage and provided as an output to a read channel.
     Multiple channels are supported, each including a magnetoresistive sensor
     and first and second corresponding transistors. A control logic circuit
     provides the control signal lines, one for each channel. A single
     compensation capacitor is included."
"A magnetic recording system includes an intermediate layer arranged between
     adjacent ones of a plurality of magnetic layers constituting a magnetic
     recording medium, the magnetic recording medium driven by a drive section
     in the recording direction, and a magnetic head including a write section
     and a read-back section set in relative motion with respect to the
     magnetic recording medium. Signals are applied to the magnetic head and
     the output signals from the magnetic head are read back by a read/write
     signal processing device. The read-back section of the magnetic head
     includes a magnetoresistive magnetic head. The magnetic layers of the
     magnetic recording medium include crystal grains having different crystal
     orientations and existing in overlapped positions in the direction
     perpendicular to the medium surface. High-density information read/write
     operation thus is made possible with an improved reliability."
"The present invention provides a compound magnetoresistive material having
     a perovskite related structure and being represented by M1.sub.m
     M2.sub.n+1 M3.sub.n Z.sub.y, where: M1 is a first metal comprising at
     least one element selected from the group consisting of Tl, Bi, Pb, and
     Hg; M2 is a second metal comprising at least one element selected from the
     group consisting of alkaline earth metals; M3 is a third metal comprising
     at least one element selected from the group consisting of Mn, Os, and Ru;
     Z is one selected from the group consisting of oxygen and anions in which
     some oxygen elements are replaced by Oh, F, B, Cl, Br, S, Se and Te; m is
     equal to 1 or 2; 1.ltoreq.n.ltoreq.4; y is variable and depends upon a
     kind of elements constituting the perovskite related structure, a ratio of
     composition thereof, and synthesis conditions thereof."
"A thin film conductive line is formed between MR pads on an MR head for
     protecting an MR sensor from electrostatic discharge (ESD) during assembly
     steps between row level fabrication of the head and prior to merge of a
     head stack assembly with a disk stack assembly. The conductive line may
     have a reduced thickness delete pad. A laser beam having a fluence
     sufficient to sever the conductive line at the delete pad but insufficient
     to damage or cause debris from structure underlying or surrounding the
     conductive line is used to sever the conductive line. The method traverses
     minimum energy, short laser pulses at a high pulse rate across the width
     of the conductive line so that each laser pulse melts conductive material
     across the line, the melted material withdrawing from the melted area and
     being heaped on top of adjacent portions of the delete pad by surface
     tension and the melted material cooling to room temperature before the
     next pulse so that there is no cumulative heating and therefore no damage
     to or debris from the underlying structure. The conductive material of the
     line is incrementally plowed to each side of a severed path by successive
     overlapping laser pulses so that when the series of laser pulses has
     traversed the width of the delete pad the conductive line has been
     severed."
"A magnetoresistive read/inductive write magnetic head assembly formed on a
     hard electrically insulating substrate and having electrostatic discharge
     protection comprises: a hard electrically insulating substrate, preferably
     formed of sapphire or alumina-TiC; multiple alumina layers formed over the
     substrate; a magnetoresistive read/inductive write head positioned between
     the alumina layers; a silicon layer supported by the substrate; and a
     semiconducting circuit integrated into the silicon layer and
     interconnected with said magnetoresistive read/write inductive write head
     to provide electrostatic discharge protection to the head. The silicon
     layer may be epitaxially grown on the substrate when implemented as
     sapphire, or bonded to the substrate when implemented as alumina-TiC. The
     hard electrically insulating substrate and alumina layers provide the
     assembly with a hard air bearing surface having generally uniform lapping
     and etching characteristics, and excellent durability."
"In a magnetic read/write assembly, a removable fusible-link shorts the
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element to minimize electrical current
     through the MR sensing element during discharge of static electricity.
     Other magnetic head assembly elements such as the write coil and MR
     magnetic shields are also shorted using fusible-links. The fusible-link is
     removable during the assembly process. The existing terminal pads and
     wires are used to remove the fusible-link."
"A direct AC-coupled amplifier for use with a plurality of magnetoresistive
     read elements includes a differential amplifier having first and second
     inputs and first and second outputs. A plurality of input circuits are
     provided, one for each MR element. Each input circuit has first and second
     connections to opposite sides of the respective MR element and a pair of
     emitter-follower its. Each emitter-follower circuit comprises a transistor
     having a base connected to one of the connections and a collector arranged
     to be connected a first voltage source. A capacitor is connected between
     the emitter of each of the transistors and a respective input of the
     amplifier. A current is applied to the first and second connections of a
     selected one of the input circuits to operate the respective MR element."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) head for sensing magnetic data recorded on a
     magnetic recording medium with high track density and high linear density
     includes a magnetoresistive conductive layer (MR layer), a soft magnetic
     layer (SAL) for transversely biasing the MR layer and hard magnet layers
     for longitudinally biasing and controlling magnetization in the central
     sensing regions of the MR layer and the SAL. The longitudinal bias applied
     to the SAL is less than that to the MR layer so that a sensing current
     produces an effective magnetic field to saturate the SAL transversely. So,
     magnetization in the MR layer is kept at an angle of 40 to 45 degrees to
     easy magnetization direction of the MR layer and the improved reproducing
     output is obtained."
"A magnetic disk drive unit includes a first read amplifier connected to an
     inductive head, a second read amplifier connected to a magneto-resistive
     head, a selective output unit for selecting either an output of the first
     read amplifier or an output of the second read amplifier and supplying a
     selected output to a demodulator, and a control unit for supplying a
     switching control signal. When reading servo information written onto a
     data surface of a magnetic recording medium, the control unit controls the
     switching control signal and thus causes the selective output unit to
     select an output of the first read amplifier associated with the inductive
     head. By the constitution, servo information can be detected in a wide
     range using a relatively simple data-surface servo pattern. This realizes
     high-precision off-tracking compensation."
"An apparatus for detecting precise angular positions of a rotating object.
     Two magnetoresistors (MRs) are positioned adjacent a target wheel attached
     to the rotating object, the target wheel having at least one element of
     finite length. Each MR is responsive to the passage of at least one of the
     elements as the target wheel is rotated, generating an analog signal with
     signal transitions between two voltage levels at the passage of the
     element's leading and trailing edges. The MRs are positioned relative to
     the elements such that their signals are phase shifted with respect to one
     another, resulting in time overlapping signals which intersect at a
     precise angular positions of the target wheel."
"Apparatus and methods for improved thermal proximity imaging are provided.
     A data storage medium surface is moved relative to a sensor, in one
     embodiment a magnetoresistive read/write element. Topographical variations
     on the storage medium induce temperature changes in the sensor. These
     temperature changes are monitored to detect the location and nature (e.g.,
     height) of the topographical variations on the medium surface. A feedback
     circuit using an impedance bridge is disclosed for sensing instantaneous
     changes in the temperature of the sensor, correcting for the changes and,
     therefore, keeping the temperature of the sensor substantially constant.
     By keeping the temperature of the sensor constant, the topographical
     variations can be detected without any adverse impacts of the surrounding
     thermal environment on the detection response time."
"A magnetoresistive device with suppressed Barkhausen noise for restraining
     a cross-talk from adjacent tracks recorded on a magnetic medium, and a
     manufacturing method thereof. The width of the middle portion of a
     detection area in a magnetoresistive layer is thicker than that of
     shoulder portions. In the magnetoresistive device, the shoulder portions,
     which perform exchange coupling with the antiferromagnetic exchange layer,
     show a weak reaction to external magnetic field due to the high coercive
     force of the shoulder portions and a smaller thickness of the
     magnetoresistive layer than that of the detection area. Thus, when
     information on any one track of an information medium is read out through
     the detection area, the shoulder portions only slightly react to the
     external magnetic field of the adjacent tracks, i.e., the affect on the
     detection area by the shoulder portions is minimized."
"A flux enhanced data transducer and method for producing the same in
     conjunction with shared shields on MR read heads in which substantially
     between 500-2500 .ANG. of a relatively higher magnetic moment material is
     added to the upper surface of the shared shield, or bottom write head
     pole, prior to a magnetic flux containment ion milling operation utilizing
     the upper pole as a mask. The relatively higher magnetic moment flux
     enhancement layer may comprise CoNiFe, FeN or similar material which is
     deposited prior to the formation of the dielectric gap layer. The flux
     enhancement layer may then be selectively removed substantially
     surrounding the upper pole by means of a relatively brief ion milling
     process in which only on the order of 1.0 k.ANG. of the layer need be
     removed and during which only an insignificant amount of the material
     removed might be re-deposited on the sides of the upper pole."
"A combined-type thin film magnetic head in which a reproducing head portion
     including a magnetoresistive device and an inductive magnetic head are
     laminated. A coil support portion made of the same plated layer that forms
     an upper gap layer of the reproducing head portion having the
     magnetoresistive device and a lower core portion separated from the
     magnetic material layer by a gap .delta. are formed on the surface of the
     upper gap layer. The coil support portion and the lower core portion have
     areas that enable a coil layer to be formed so that the coil layer is
     enabled to be formed on a region having no step. An upper core layer is
     formed on the lower core portion in such a manner that the coil layer is
     held therebetween. A magnetic gap is formed between the two core layers.
     Since the magnetic passage of the lower core portion has a small cross
     sectional area, the inductance of the magnetic circuit can be lowered."
"An apparatus and method for reading an information signal from a magnetic
     storage medium using a magnetoresistive (MR) element, modifying the signal
     such that a thermal component of the signal representing a thermal
     response of the MR element is degraded, and altering the modified signal
     to produce a restored thermal signal substantially representative of the
     thermal component of the signal read from the storage medium. The
     information signal induced in the MR element is communicated from the MR
     element to an arm electronics (AE) module having a highpass filtering
     behavior. The AE module passes content of the information signal other
     than the thermal component content, thereby degrading the thermal
     component of the information signal. An inverse filter, implemented using
     an infinite impulse response (IIR) filter, receives the highpass filtered
     signal from the AE module and produces a restored thermal signal
     substantially representative of the thermal component of the information
     signal. The inverse filter has a response substantially inverse to that of
     the effective highpass filter of the AE module. A signal summing device is
     coupled to the AE module and the inverse filter for receiving a restored
     thermal signal from the inverse filter and a composite signal, including
     thermal and magnetic components, from the AE module and substantially
     eliminates the thermal component of the composite signal, which otherwise
     distorts or modulates the composite signal."
"An MR imaging method using NMR phenomenon and including the following
     steps: emitting a first group of RF pulses including a first inversion RF
     pulse, and excitation RF pulses emitted to excite a plurality of slices in
     a predetermined order; emitting slice-selecting gradient field pulses;
     emitting phase-encoding gradient field pulses; collecting a first group of
     echo signals; emitting a second group of RF pulses including a second
     inversion RF pulse having substantially the same frequency band as the
     first inversion RF pulse, and second excitation RF pulses emitted to
     excite the plurality of slices in a reverse order; emitting
     slice-selecting gradient field pulses; emitting phase-encoding gradient
     field pulses; collecting a second group of echo signals; repeating this
     pulse sequence while varying the phase-encoding gradient field pulses;
     adding two data corresponding to each slice, which data are included,
     respectively, in a first group of data and in a second group of data,
     thereby forming a new group of data; and reconstructing slice images."
"The present invention relates to improved multi-layer magnetic recording
     media and magnetoresistive drive systems incorporating the same. In
     particular, multi-layer media including alternating layers of cobalt or
     cobalt alloys and a precious metal, such as palladium or platinum, and a
     process to manufacture such media, are disclosed. Media in accordance with
     the invention generally include a substrate, a nucleating layer, a
     lattice, and a protective layer. In certain embodiments, the substrate is
     polished aluminum. In other embodiments, the thickness of the nucleating
     layer is thicker than 100 .ANG., and in certain embodiments between about
     200 and about 600 .ANG.. The lattice, generally includes bilayers of
     cobalt (or an alloy thereof) and palladium or platinum. The thickness of
     the cobalt layers are between about 1.5 .ANG. and 10 .ANG., or between
     about 2 .ANG. and 7 .ANG., or between about 3 .ANG. and 5 .ANG.. The
     thickness of the palladium or platinum layers are between about 5 .ANG.
     and 15 .ANG., or between about 7 .ANG. and 12 .ANG., or between about 8
     .ANG. and 11 .ANG.. The number of layers in the lattice 33, or its
     periodicity, is between about 10 and 30 or between about 15 and 25. In
     certain embodiments, the thickness of the lattice 33 and the nucleating
     layer 32 do not exceed 1500 .ANG..
The invention also provides a novel information storage device that
     includes a ring write head and a magnetoresistive (MR) read head in
     combination with a vertical recording media with perpendicular anisotropy
     exceeding 2.times.10.sup.6 erg/cc and coercivity as high as 5000 Oe. Also
     provided is an improved MR read head. The improvement includes a physical
     offset in the MR element, such that the element is offset from
     perpendicular to the media."
"A Colpitts type oscillator circuit for mitigating the effects of undesired
     oscillator ringing when write pulses are supplied, such as those
     encountered in compact disc, laser disc, and magneto-optical players or
     recording devices. Circuit elements are provided for mitigating the
     effects of oscillator ringing including replacement of an inductor with a
     suitable resistive load and an oscillator supply voltage maintained above
     a predetermined minimum voltage which is a function of the specific values
     of the related circuit elements. An improved optical disc system also
     includes the present Colpitts type oscillator in combination with an
     optical assembly, a laser light source, an objective lens subassembly, an
     objective lens, an actuator assembly, a photodetector, first and second
     servomotors, a source of write pulses, a first electronic circuit for
     controlling the servomotors, a motor for moving a respective disc, a
     second electronic circuit for decoding, a third electronic circuit for
     enabling the laser light source, a voltage supply for the oscillator, a
     data receiver, a data encoder, a magnetic field generator, a cartridge
     loading assembly for removably positioning the respective disc, and a
     servo error circuit for determining when light returning from the disc
     exceeds a predetermined value."
"An SAL-type magnetoresistive playback head that is highly sensitive and
     that limits Barkhausen noise is provided by optimizing the magnetic
     properties of the permanent magnet film. On top of a lower insulating
     layer are stacked a soft magnetic bias film (SAL film), a magnetic
     separating film (shunt film), a magnetoresistive film (MR film), and an
     upper insulating layer, in that order. The outer sides of the track of the
     MR film are in direct contact with the permanent magnet film or in
     indirect contact via a base film. Alternatively, the present invention
     relates to a spin-valve magnetoresistive playback head. On top of a lower
     insulating layer are stacked an anti-ferromagnetic film, a fixed
     magnetizing film, a magnetic separating film, a movable magnetizing film
     (MR film), and an upper insulating layer, in that order. The outer sides
     of the track of the movable magnetizing film are in direct contact with
     the permanent magnet film or in indirect contact via a base film. In
     either type of playback head, Barkhausen noise is eliminated by using a
     CoCrPt alloy film having a composition that provides the magnetic
     properties needed for a permanent magnet film that can handle narrow
     tracks and narrow gaps, and by specifying a ratio between the thicknesses
     of the MR film and the permanent magnet film."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) head includes an MR film that has a bottom edge to
     be positioned adjacent to a magnetic medium, a first side with a first
     outside edge, and a second side with a second outside edge. The first
     outside edge extends in a direction that forms an obtuse angle with the
     bottom edge. A first lead layer is electrically connected to the
     magnetoresistive film at the first outside edge, and a second lead layer
     is electrically connected to the magnetoresistive film at the second
     outside edge. Because of the orientation of the first outside edge of the
     MR film, magnetic flux from the magnetic medium is more likely to
     propagate through the MR film without being impeded by the first outside
     edge, and thus the read sensitivity profile of the MR head is improved. In
     a preferred embodiment, the first and the second outside edges of the MR
     film both include a lower portion substantially perpendicular to the
     bottom edge and an upper portion extending in a direction that forms an
     obtuse angle with the bottom edge. This minimizes variation in the width
     of the MR film due to lapping height tolerance because the lower portions
     of the first and second outside edges are parallel to one another. In
     another preferred embodiment, the height of the MR film narrows from the
     second outside edge to the first outside edge. This further improves the
     read sensitivity profile of the MR head."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) element assembly with a longitudinal bias
     comprising a MR element, a bias coil, and spaced conductor leads is
     disclosed. The MR element is formed into an elongated ellipse-like shape
     with an elongated sense region and two end regions separated by a small
     nonmagnetic gap thereby reducing the longitudinal demagnetization field
     within the MR element. An easy axis of magnetization is formed by the MR
     element and oriented in a direction parallel to the main axis of the
     element. A bias coil is disposed about the MR element to produce a
     longitudinal bias field sufficient to maintain the elongated sense region
     in a single domain state. The elongated ellipse-like shaped MR element
     features a uniformly reduced demagnetization field for inhibiting the
     formation of a multi-domain state within the elongated sense region. The
     MR element assembly thus improves sensitivity of the MR head and
     suppresses Barkhausen noise in the output of the head."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer includes an MR sensor element
     having end regions and a center active region. The end regions are pinned
     both top and bottom by an exchange coupling antiferromagnetic material.
     This pinning action causes the end regions to act as permanent magnets
     having the same remanent magnetic moment M.sub.r as that of the center
     active region, thereby resulting in suppression of magnetic edge effects
     in the transducer. A magnetic soft bias layer adjacent to the
     magnetoresistive sensor element also has its ends pinned by exchange
     coupling antiferromagnetic material."
"A magnetoresistive head assembly includes a magnetoresistive sensor
     element, detection circuitry and first and second electrical conductors
     electrically connecting the magnetoresistive sensor element and the
     detection circuitry. A device exhibiting a non-linear voltage-current
     relationship is electrically coupled between the first and second
     electrical conductors. The device has a resistance which varies in
     relationship to an electrical potential between the first and second
     electrical conductors."
"The present invention provides a method and apparatus for utilizing spin
     valve magnetoresistance devices for the measurement of weak magnetic
     fields. The magnetoresistive element consists of a pinned ferromagnetic
     layer and a soft ferromagnetic layer separated by a thin spacer layer. The
     pinned layer may be pinned by high intrinsic coercivity, or by a
     neighboring antiferromagnet or high coercivity ferromagnet layer. An
     oscillating magnetic field is applied to the device. The amplitude of the
     excitation field is large enough to reverse the magnetization of the soft
     layer during each cycle, but small enough that the magnetization direction
     of the pinned layer is not much affected. In one embodiment, the applied
     field is applied using a current strip deposited onto the top of the other
     layers, so that the entire device can be produced on a single chip."
"Array sensors are described which are based on the magnetostrictive delay
     line technique, where sensing is based on the modification of the magnetic
     circuit along the magnetostrictive delay line. The proposed array sensors
     can perform a quantitative measurement of signals instead of the merely
     sensing activity performed by sensors of the prior art. Further
     advantageous characteristics of the proposed array sensors is that
     magnetoresistive devices and alternatively a detecting magnetostrictive
     delay line with two detecting coils at the ends thereof are used at the
     output of the sensor array, and that the detected pulsed width T is
     monitored instead of the peak voltage, this offering an improved response
     of the proposed array sensors. The above improvements are used in various
     applications and specifically are proposed novel digitizers and
     displacement sensors as well as a magnetic field distribution sensor."
"A magnetoresistive sensor design and fabrication process that provides
     improved microtrack profile linearity for servo elements while
     simultaneously providing stable and linear data sensing elements suitable
     for high density tape head applications. The stability and uniformity of
     both data and servo sensor elements is enhanced through the use of a
     grating profile under both the soft film biased magnetoresistive sensor
     layer and the hard bias stabilizing magnets. Processing steps are
     eliminated by replicating the grating pattern for the servo sensor
     elements through a thick layer of alumina or silicon dioxide. The outer
     read shield is removed from the servo elements using a stripping process
     that eliminates structural damage arising from alumina pinhole's. Both
     element types are free of significant Barkhausen noise and instability
     because of the grating-stabilized domains in both the active
     magnetoresistive regions and the passive hard-biasing regions of each
     sensor. Each servo sensor is disposed at a greater distance from the
     single shield to optimize the microtrack profile. The resulting reduction
     in servo sensor frequency response leaves sufficient bandwidth for precise
     servo positioning."
"Briefly, in accordance with one embodiment of the invention, a device for
     use in a magnetic recording read channel adapted to be coupled to a
     magneto-resistive (MR) read head comprises: an integrated circuit adapted
     so as to introduce a controllable amount of second-order nonlinearity into
     the magnetic recording read channel signal path to at least partially
     offset nonlinearity associated with use of the MR read head. Briefly, in
     accordance with another embodiment of the invention, a method of reducing
     nonlinear signal effects in a magnetic recording read channel signal path
     associated with use of a magneto-resistive (MR) read head comprises the
     step of: introducing into the read channel signal path a scalable square
     of the read channel signal."
"A sensor for determining the rotational speed of a rotating element. The
     sensor includes a giant magnetoresistive ratio sensing device which is
     magnetically coupled to the rotating element and includes an output
     terminal. The sensing device generates an output signal at the output
     terminal having a frequency corresponding to the rotational speed of the
     rotating element. A wave-shaping circuit is connected to the output
     terminal for receiving the output signal and for generating a digital
     switching signal having a frequency equal to the frequency of the output
     signal. A frequency divider has an input connected to the wave shaping
     circuit for receiving the digital switching signal. The frequency divider
     generates, in response to the digital switching signal, a square wave
     output having a 50% duty cycle and a frequency equal to the frequency of
     the digital switching signal divided by a predetermined divisor."
"A system and method of determining a height of a sensor is disclosed. The
     sensor has an air bearing surface. The method includes determining a
     pre-processing width of a base of a first triangle, a top of a second
     triangle and a first and a second rectangle, all formed of the same
     material which forms the sensor. The air bearing surface of the
     magnetoresistive sensor, the base of the first triangle, the top of the
     second triangle and the first and second rectangles are then processed and
     simultaneously lapped. A post-lapping width of the base of the first
     triangle, the top of the second triangle and the first and second
     rectangles are then determined. The height of the sensor is then
     calculated through use of the pre-processing and post-lapping widths at
     the air bearing surfaces of the bases of the first triangle, the top of
     the second triangle and the first and second rectangles."
"A magnetic head assembly includes a read head having an active central
     region and two inactive side regions contiguously formed relative to the
     central region. The central region includes a magnetoresistive (MR)
     transducer for enabling active sensing of data recorded on a magnetic
     medium. Protective layers encapsulate the central region and separate it
     from the side regions, such that diffusion and electromigration are
     reduced. Each end region includes a longitudinal bias layer, and a
     multilayered conductive section. The longitudinal bias layer may be formed
     of alternating layers of antiferromagnetic material and layers of soft
     magnetic material and/or hard magnetic longitudinal bias. The multilayered
     conductive section includes conductive leads that do not contact either
     the MR element or the soft bias layer. The conductive layers are
     interlayered between a plurality of spacers that provide structural
     support to the conductive section, and that increase the overall
     mechanical hardness of the conductive section. Some or all of the
     protective layers as well as the spacers of the conductive sections may be
     made from selected refractory materials."
"A giant magnetoresistive material film includes at least two ferromagnetic
     layers of a NiFe alloy or NiFeCo alloy, which are formed on a substrate
     through a nonmagnetic layer of Au, Ag, Cu or Cr, wherein magnetization of
     at lest one of the ferromagnetic layers is pinned by a coercive force
     increasing layer of .alpha.-Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3 provided adjacent thereto and
     having a thickness of 200 to 1000 .ANG. so as to increase coercive force
     of the ferromagnetic layer, and the other ferromagnetic layer has free
     magnetization so as to produce a change in resistance at a low magnetic
     field. The present invention also provides a method of producing the giant
     magnetoresistive material film and a magnetic head provided with the giant
     magnetoresistive material film."
"An inductive-write magnetoresistive-read horizontal head for magnetic
     recording having two polarization conductors. The two polarization
     conductors are used to simultaneously activate a MR sensor and to disable
     the write head during the read back process to eliminate the secondary
     read back signal from the inductive-write head. During the read process,
     the current through a first conductor biases the MR stripe while current
     through the second conductor generates an applied field to switch the
     magnetization of the permalloy in the write head pole and reduce the
     permeability. The head incorporates write-wide read-narrow head attributes
     and has the reliability advantages associated with yoke or recessed MR or
     GMR structures. The magnetoresistive stripe may be disposed directly in
     the gap of the heads or it may be recessed."
"A composite thin film head comprises a magnetoresistive head portion and an
     inductive head portion which are superposed on a substrate, the inductive
     head portion comprising a lower core layer disposed on one side of a gap
     spacer layer and adjacent to the magnetoresistive head portion, and an
     upper core layer disposed on the other side of the gap spacer layer. The
     lower core layer comprises a core portion positioned toward the upper core
     layer having the same width as the upper core layer in the vicinity of a
     medium-opposed face, and a shield portion positioned toward the
     magnetoresistive head portion having a larger width than the core portion
     in the vicinity of the medium-opposed face."
"A magnetoresistive spin valve giant magnetoresistive (GMR) transducer
     includes a magnetoresistive (MR)/GMR multi-layer with end portions spaced
     by a central active portion. A pair of electrical lead layers conducts
     electrical bias current to the transducer. Each electrical lead layer
     forms abutting junctions in contact with respective end portion of the
     MR/GMR layers. The longitudinal bias for the MR/GMR layers is provided by
     a pair of magnetic bias layers. Each magnetic bias layer is disposed in
     contact with a respective end portion of the MR/GMR layers. Bias current
     flows into the MR/GMR layers directly through the abutting junctions,
     allowing the magnetic bias to assume a different bias path through the end
     portions of the MR/GMR layers. The MR/GMR transducer allows both the
     electrical and magnetic biases to be optimally designed, without any
     constraint of one restricting the other, as the two biases often pose
     conflicting requirements. In addition, the direct electrical current path
     provides lower electrical resistance and heat dissipation which are of
     substantial benefit to the performance and reliability of the transducer."
"A spin valve magnetoresistive (MR) read sensor is provided wherein the free
     and pinned layer magnetization are perpendicular to each other under
     quiescent conditions and the current flowing in the free MR layer is
     oriented to flow at a substantially 45 degree angle with respect to the
     free layer magnetization. The flow of the current at the 45 degree angle
     with respect to the free layer magnetization causes the AMR effect which
     is present in the free MR layer to be added to the spin valve sensor GMR
     effect and increases the overall magnetoresistive effect by about 25% to
     33%."
"A read transducer assembly includes a giant magnetoresistive structure in
     magnetic contact with a multilayered biasing structure that includes
     layers of antiferromagnetic material interleaved with layers of soft
     magnetic material. The magnetic exchange coupling between the
     antiferromagnetic layers and the soft magnetic layers results in a bias
     field to the giant magnetoresistive structure that reduces or eliminates
     side reading by the read transducer assembly. The multilayered biasing
     structure is located adjacent to and in magnetic contact with either the
     end or the top surfaces of the giant magnetoresistive structure."
"The present invention is a method and apparatus for positioning a
     magnetoresistive (MR) head relative to a storage medium in a storage
     device. The storage medium is mounted in the storage device to allow
     relative movement between the MR head and the storage medium. The storage
     medium includes servo information provided to induce a thermal response in
     the MR head. A controller controls the relative movement between the MR
     head and the storage medium using the thermal response induced in the MR
     head."
"A large number of magnetic pieces are distributed at random in a scanning
     region of an object to be checked. A magnetic sensor of a processing
     apparatus for checking the object for authenticity comprises first and
     second detecting element pairs. Each of these detecting element pairs
     include a pair of MR elements arranged in a scanning direction. The MR
     elements of the second detecting element pair are deviated from those of
     the first detecting element pair in parallel relation. The apparatus
     registers data associated with the detection signal obtained by means of
     the first detecting element pair in a code indicator section of the object
     when the object is manufactured or issued. The apparatus is provided with
     a circuit which collates all the detection signals obtained by means of
     the detecting element pairs with the data registered in the code indicator
     section, in checking the object for authenticity, and concludes that the
     object is real if any of the detection signals corresponds to the data in
     the code indicator section."
"It is an object of the present invention to provide a magnetoresistance
     effect element which has a film with a spin valve structure or an
     artificial lattice film having good soft magnetic characteristics, and
     which can be applied to a high-sensitivity magnetic head. The present
     invention provides a magneto-resistance effect element including a stacked
     film formed on a substrate by sequentially stacking a ferromagnetic film
     containing as its main constituents at least one elements selected from
     the group consisting of Co, Fe, and Ni, a nonmagnetic film, and the
     ferromagnetic film, wherein the two ferromagnetic films are not coupled
     with each other, and the closest packed plane of each ferromagnetic film
     is oriented in a direction perpendicular to the film surface."
"A magnetoresistance effect element includes a non-magnetic substrate, a
     ferromagnetic dispersion layer or a ferromagnetic layer, and a
     non-magnetic metal film. The ferromagnetic dispersion layer is a layer of
     a ferromagnetic metal or alloy that is independently and dispersedly
     formed on the substrate. The alternative ferromagnetic layer is a layer of
     a ferromagnetic metal or alloy that is formed on the substrate with a
     textured surface. The non-magnetic metal film is made of at least one
     atomic element having a non-soluble relation with the ferromagnetic metal
     or alloy, and is formed on the non-magnetic substrate and the
     ferromagnetic dispersion layer or the ferromagnetic layer."
"A disk drive system having a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor having four
     leads, two leads for providing sense current to an MR layer and two leads
     for providing current to a soft adjacent layer (SAL). The MR layer as well
     as the hard bias layers are electrically insulated from the SAL by an
     insulator. The voltages developed across the MR layer (voltages due to the
     presence of thermal asperities and voltages due to the presence of data
     fields) and the SAL (voltages due to the presence of thermal asperities)
     are applied to the inputs of a differential amplifier for substantial
     elimination of the thermal asperity signal."
"A barberpole magnetoresistive (MR) sensor has a series of permanent magnet
     strips interleaved with a series of magnetoresistive strips. Conductive
     barberpole strips are canted across the sensor and connect one
     magnetoresistive strip, over a permanent magnet strip, to another
     magnetoresistive strip. The permanent magnet strips help to provide a
     uniform magnetic field throughout the sensor, thereby making the sensor
     more immune to harm from an external magnetic field and more likely to
     reset into a single magnetic domain oriented as desired if an external
     magnetic field should cause the sensor to fracture into multiple magnetic
     domains."
"An MR sensor having a nearly symmetric read sensitivity across the sensor
     by using permanent magnet boundary control. The sensor's MR element is
     patterned to eliminate portions of the MR element between the electrical
     contacts which contribute to undesired read sensitivity. The MR element is
     maintained in a single domain state using abutting permanent magnets
     electrically isolated from the MR element."
"A magnetoresistive element includes a substrate, a magnetoresistive film
     arranged on the substrate and prepared from a non-magnetic conductive
     metal film containing grains consisting of a ferromagnetic metal atom or a
     ferromagnetic metal alloy dispersed therein so that the grain
     concentration is varied along the film thickness direction, a pair of
     current feeding electrodes arranged on the magnetoresistive film, and a
     pair of voltage reading electrodes arranged on the magnetoresistive film."
"A magnetic multilayer film having magnetoresistance (MR) is prepared by
     depositing at least two magnetic thin films having different coercive
     forces while interposing a non-magnetic thin film therebetween. A first
     magnetic thin film having a lower coercive force has a squareness ratio
     SQ.sub.1 and a thickness t.sub.1, a second magnetic thin film having a
     higher coercive force has a squareness ratio SQ.sub.2 and a thickness
     t.sub.2, and the non-magnetic thin film has a thickness t.sub.3. A first
     form of the invention requires 4 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.2 &lt;30 .ANG., 20
     .ANG.&lt;t.sub.1 .ltoreq.200 .ANG., t.sub.1 &gt;t.sub.2, t.sub.3 .ltoreq.200
     .ANG., 0.7.ltoreq.SQ.sub.1 .ltoreq.1.0, and 0.1.ltoreq.SQ.sub.2
     .ltoreq.0.8, thereby achieving a magnetic multilayer film which shows a
     great MR ratio of several percents under an external magnetic field of
     several Oe, an excellent rise across zero magnetic field and heat
     resistance. A second form of the invention requires 4 .ANG.&lt;t.sub.2 &lt;20
     .ANG., 5 .ANG.&lt;t.sub.1 .ltoreq.20 .ANG., t.sub.1 &gt;t.sub.2 and 32
     .ANG.&lt;t.sub.3 &lt;50 .ANG., thereby achieving a magnetic multilayer film
     which is increased in MR ratio, MR slope between -50 Oe and +50 Oe, and
     high-frequency MR slope while showing minimized hysteresis. There are
     obtained MR elements, typically high sensitivity MR sensors and MR heads
     capable of high density magnetic recording."
"Novel stabilized suspensions of a gas as diagnostic contrast agents,
     including computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance (MR) contrast
     agents. In preferred embodiments, the suspensions comprise stabilized gas
     filled microspheres. Also in some preferred embodiments, at least a
     portion of the gas is derived from a gaseous precursor."
"A method of making an MR sensor having a nearly symmetric read sensitivity
     across the sensor by using permanent magnet boundary control. The sensor's
     MR element is patterned to eliminate portions of the MR element between
     the electrical contacts which contribute to undesired read sensitivity.
     The MR element is maintained in a single domain state using abutting
     permanent magnets electrically isolated from the MR element."
"A method of lapping the air bearing surface of a magnetoresistive head
     which minimizes the likelihood of interelement shorts at the air bearing
     surface is described. In a final, linear lapping phase, the air bearing
     surface is lapped back and forth parallel to the longitudinal axis of the
     head elements in an oscillatory path across a stationary lapping surface.
     Any scratches or smears of the elements will be along the length of the
     elements rather than transverse to the elements. Any transverse scratches
     or smears occurring in earlier lapping phases will be removed during the
     linear lapping phase."
"A magneto-resistance effect type magnetic head having high output can be
     obtained as a reproduction head for a rotating drum type VTR by only
     providing a conventional rotary transformer with a rotor and a stator for
     supplying a bias current without a need for a special mechanism for
     transmitting a direct current. There is provided a magneto-resistance
     effect type magnetic head device to be mounted on a rotating drum having a
     bias conductor and a sense conductor, including a rotary transformer
     connected to the bias and sense conductors wherein an alternating current
     having a frequency lower than the frequency of a recording signal is
     applied to at least one of stator channels facing rotor channels of the
     rotary transformer. A current is applied to at least either the bias
     conductor or sense conductor at the stator side of the rotary transformer
     to produce a non-direct current at a terminal on the rotor side of the
     rotary transformer connected to the magneto-resistance effect type
     magnetic head only in a time zone when the magneto-resistance effect type
     magnetic head is not required to reproduce the recording signal and to
     produce a direct current at a terminal on the rotor side in a time zone
     when the recording signal must be reproduced."
"Disclosed is an MR head, and the method of making the same, which has a
     pole/shield. In the preferred embodiment, the pole side of the pole/shield
     is constructed such that it has a length that is approximately equal to
     the length of the pole, and a shield side that is approximately the length
     of a shield. Through this construction, the MR element, which is disposed
     between the shield side and the shield, is fully shielded during a read
     operation. Additionally, the flux lines generated during a write operation
     approximate the length of the pole so that excessive fringing does not
     occur. As a result of the smaller flux lines generated between the pole
     and the pole side of the pole/shield, data may be more densely packed on
     the disk used in conjunction with the MR head."
"A MR compatible monitoring system has a fiber optic data link between the
     patient monitor and the control room display/keyboard in a magnetic
     resonance imaging suite to allow for continuous monitoring of a patient's
     vital signs and provides critical care patients with the same diagnostic
     options as stable patients. The patient monitor is mounted on the far end
     of a magnetic resonance compatible patient transporter. The patient
     transporter sends video data and receives control data from the control
     room. During the imaging, the patient monitor is located within the magnet
     room. Magnetic resonance imaging systems are very sensitive to radio
     frequency interference (RFI) from other equipment and may produce image
     artifacts because of this interference. Using a fiber optic data link
     between the patient monitor near the magnet and the control room will
     minimize the potential RFI."
"A thin film magnetic transducer employs a giant magnetoresistive (GMR)
     sensing element operating in a (CPP) current-perpendicular-to-the-plane
     mode. Electrical lead members in electric contact with the sensing element
     provide for the flow of sensor current through the giant magnetoresistive
     element. The height, or both the height and the width, of the GMR sensing
     element are greater than the height, or both the height and width
     respectively, of the lead members, thereby resulting in an increased
     output signal from the transducer."
"An MR sensor with an improved MR coefficient and improved thermal stability
     is provided by employing one or more chromium based spacer layers which
     are interfacially adjacent a Permalloy (NiFe) stripe. The chromium based
     spacer layers may be NiFeCr or NiCr. The best compositions have been found
     to be (Ni.sub.89 Fe.sub.21).sub.60 Cr.sub.40 and Ni.sub.60 Cr.sub.40. For
     NiCr the MR coefficient of the MR stripe is most enhanced when the NiCr
     layer is deposited on a layer of tantalum (Ta). Further, when the
     thicknesses of the NiFeCr and the NiCr layers are 25 .ANG. and 50 .ANG.
     respectively the MR coefficients are optimized. Both spacer layers have a
     high resistance compatible with low shunting of the sense current."
"Two MR magnetic field probes arranged in a centrally symmetrical fashion in
     relation to the magnetic field center, are attached in the examination
     area of the magnet. The output signals of the two MR magnetic field probes
     are supplied to a multiplying RF mixer, and a sum frequency signal is
     obtained from the output signal of the RF mixer, and the actual value of
     the basic field is determined from the frequency of this output signal."
"A temperature monitoring system employs a temperature detection means
     incorporated into an invasive device intended to be placed within a body
     during a magnetic resonance procedure. The temperature monitoring system
     is used to monitor temperature rises in tissue arising from the creation
     of electric fields within the tissue. These electric fields are created by
     the application of RF pulses during the course of a magnetic resonance
     procedure which induce electrical current in the invasive device. It the
     detected temperature rise exceeds a selected threshold, the temperature
     monitoring system can cause the magnetic resonance imaging system to
     either reduce RF power or terminate the procedure. An optical coupling may
     be used between the imaging or tracking RF coil and the MR receiver to
     eliminate heating induced by the application of RF pulses during the
     procedure."
"A signal extraction and character recognition system is provided for an
     MICR system using E13B font characters and a magneto-resistive read head.
     Each character is treated as defining a block comprising a matrix of equal
     sized zones. Because adjacent characters are separated by space (e.g.,
     non-residually magnetized regions), the read head output signal is used to
     first identify the start of each character. As the document bearing the
     characters moves relative to the head, the signal strength from each
     vertical zone is summed. The relative vertical column signal strength is
     then compared to the vertical column signal strength for the preceding
     column to form a ratio set. The ratios are then quantized into one of
     three levels, depending upon whether R&gt;T.sub.1 (a first threshold,
     preferably 4/3), R&lt;T.sub.2 (a second threshold, preferably 3/4), T.sub.2
     .ltoreq.R.ltoreq.T.sub.1. The patterns of these three quantized levels
     uniquely identify the 14 characters in the E13B character set. These
     patterns from the processed output signal from the magneto-resistive head
     are compared with the contents of a look-up table (or the equivalent)
     containing patterns for the 14 characters in the E13B font to identify the
     character being read."
"A magnetoresistive head in which an antiferromagnetic material having
     superior corrosion resistance is used is disclosed. In the
     magnetoresistive head, a pair of anti-ferromagnetic layers 24a and 24b are
     formed while contacting with a soft magnetic layer 23, and the
     antiferromagnetic layers 24a and 24b are made of a PdMn film."
"A highly corrosive-resistant metal having a high purity and a specific
     plane index is manufactured by ion beam deposition (IBD). A thin film
     having less defects and impurities is obtained. A magnetoresistant effect
     film for a magnetoresistant effect type magnetic head which is highly
     corrosion-resistant and exhibits excellent characteristics can be formed.
     In IBD according to the present invention, metal ions are provided with
     adjusted ion energy of 10 to 100 eV, and a metal having a particular mass
     number is selected by a mass separation electromagnet."
"A magnetic field sensor having a plurality of interconnected
     magnetoresistive magnetic field sensing structures with at least one
     thereof having a permeable material mass adjacent thereto to shield it
     from externally applied magnetic fields. Another has a shunting structure
     adjacent a side thereof to remove a fraction of externally applied
     magnetic fields from affecting same."
"In a magnetism detecting apparatus, a magnetoresistance element is
     positioned adjacent to a gear with teeth to be responsive to magnetic
     field applied thereto. The gear is shaped such that each of the teeth
     satisfies SA/(SA+SB)&lt;0.125, where SA denotes a cross-sectional area of a
     tip portion of each of the teeth, which tip portion is measured through
     10% of a height of each of the teeth taken from a tip of each of the
     teeth, and SB denotes a cross-sectional area of a notch portion of each
     notch between the teeth, which notch portion has a height corresponding to
     the height of the teeth. As a result of this configuration, distortion
     contained in an output signal based upon high and low threshhold values
     from the magnetoresistance element can be eliminated. In addition,
     variations in intervals of a pulse signal obtained by performing a
     waveform shaping operation can be reduced, even when a distance between
     the gear teeth and the magnetoresistance element is varied."
"A magnetic head for vertical magnetic recording includes a return portion
     having a sufficiently large area confronting a magnetic recording medium,
     a main pole having its front end portion confronting the magnetic
     recording medium, a magneto-resistive film provided in the middle of a
     magnetic circuit, including the return portion, the main pole, and the
     magnetic recording medium. The magnetic head has its initial magnetization
     set in the direction virtually orthogonal to the direction of flux in the
     magnetic circuit. A first and a second terminal are connected to both ends
     of the magneto-resistive film. The magnetic circuit also includes a bypass
     magnetic path magnetically connecting the main pole with the return
     portion."
"A magnetic disc apparatus capable of noiseless, high-output reproduction is
     disclosed. A magnetic head including a magnetic domain control structure
     having an antiferromagnetic film for applying a longitudinally biasing
     magnetic field to a magneto-sensitive portion of a magneto-resistance
     effect film, and a magnetic film smaller in spontaneous magnetization than
     the magneto-resistance effect film, which magnetic film is interposed
     between the magneto-resistance effect film and the antiferromagnetic film.
     A magnetic disc apparatus is thus realized which is high in recording
     density and usable in stable manner within the operating temperature
     range."
"The magnetoresistance effect element is of a multilayered structure having
     at least magnetic layers and an intermediate layer of an insulating
     material, a semiconductor or an antiferromagnetic material against the
     magnetic layers, and the magnetoresistance effect element has terminals
     formed at least on the opposite magnetic layers, respectively, so that a
     current flows in the intermediate layer. The film surfaces of all the
     magnetic layers constituting the magnetoresistance effect element are
     opposed substantially at right angles to the recording surface of a
     magnetic recording medium. Therefore, the area of the magnetic layers
     facing the recording surface of the magnetic recording medium can be
     extremely reduced, and thus the magnetic field from a very narrow region
     of the high-density recorded magnetic recording medium can be detected by
     the current which has a tunneling characteristic and passes through the
     intermediate layer."
"A disk drive preamplifier unit includes a serial interface circuit for
     receiving serially formatted control signals from an associated disk drive
     controller. The control signals contain several types of information,
     including head select, write current magnitude, bias for MR transducers,
     gain magnitude for a variable gain amplifier, and test and mode
     information. The preamplifier unit incorporates several test circuits in
     addition to the usual write unsafe detector circuit, and a multiplexer
     controlled by the mode control signals from the serial interface unit is
     used to select which test circuit or detector is coupled to a common test
     output terminal whose signals are coupled back to the controller for
     further processing.
The preamplifier can be used to remotely test the head population of the
     head disk assembly, to measure the MR bias current through any of the MR
     transducers and to signal the controller in response to polling characters
     when a match is obtained between a character and preestablished multi-bit
     parameter information fixed in the preamplifier unit. A write current
     generator is shared by the write transducers and the MR bias test circuit,
     with a current scaling unit used to provide different current ranges from
     the common source. The preamplifier unit affords remote control and
     testing which can be adapted to evolving systems using firmware changes
     alone."
"It is an object of the present invention to provide a magnetoresistance
     effect element which has a film with a spin valve structure or an
     artificial lattice film having good soft magnetic characteristics, and
     which can be applied to a high-sensitivity magnetic head. The present
     invention provides a magnetoresistance effect element including a stacked
     film formed on a substrate by sequentially stacking a ferromagnetic film
     containing as its main constituents at least one elements selected from
     the group consisting of Co, Fe, and Ni, a nonmagnetic film, and the
     ferromagnetic film, wherein the two ferromagnetic films are not coupled
     with each other, and the closest packed plane of each ferromagnetic film
     is oriented in a direction perpendicular to the film surface."
"A voltage controlled audio attenuator, of particular benefit in audio
     limiters, is created by configuring a nearly-balanced four-resistor bridge
     such that at least one of the branch resistors is implemented as a
     magnetoresistive element, located in a variable magnetic field, typically
     generated by a coil energized by current from an electronic driver which
     is made controllable from a DC control voltage, which is thus enabled to
     control the attenuation of the bridge. A suitable feedback processing
     circuit, receiving input from the bridge output and producing the DC
     control voltage in a predetermined dynamic relationship, forms the
     feedback branch of an automatic loop, thus the voltage-controlled
     attenuator is utilized as a key element of an audio limiter."
"In a magnetic recording system including magnetic recording media, a
     rotation driving unit for driving these magnetic recording media,
     read/write magnetic heads, driving apparatus for driving these read/write
     magnetic heads, and a read/write signal processing apparatus, a reading
     portion of the respective magnetic heads is arranged by a magnetoresistive
     head. The magnetic recording media are constructed of multi-layered
     magnetic media having a plurality of magnetic layers fabricated directly,
     or via underlayers on a non-magnetic disk substrate, and of non-magnetic
     intermediate layers arranged among these non-magnetic layers. Furthermore,
     one coercivity which is measured by applying a magnetic field along a
     circumferential direction of the magnetic recording media, is selected to
     be larger than the other coercivity which is measured by applying a
     magnetic field along a radial direction of the magnetic recording media,
     so that a higher signal-to-noise ratio is achieved, as compared with that
     of the conventional magnetic recording system. Since the thickness of the
     non-magnetic intermediate layers is smaller than or equal to 5 nm, and
     also the total layer is smaller than or equal to 5 nm, and also the total
     layer number of the plural magnetic layers is selected to be odd, better
     characteristics can be achieved. Accordingly, since the MTBF (Mean Time
     Before Failure) is longer than or equal to 0.15 million hours with high
     recording density, and the disk substrate and the magnetic head sliders
     can be mounted at high packaging density, a compact and high-capacity
     magnetic recording system can be obtained."
"An implantable medical device includes a giant magnetoresistance ratio
     (GMR) sensor is used to detect the presence of a magnet in order to
     command the device to enter a predetermined mode of operation. The GMR
     responds to a modulated magnetic field generated by the programming of a
     command transmitter apparatus for non-invasive programming or controlling
     of the implanted device. The implantable medical device also monitors for
     the presence of a steady magnetic field to place the implanted device in a
     known, safe mode."
"A nuclear magnetic resonance imaging scheme capable of reducing the eddy
     currents induced within the living body outside of the imaging region, so
     as to protect the patient against the nerve stimulation due to the eddy
     currents, and obtaining the MR images at high image quality by protecting
     the image quality against the N/2 and chemical artifacts. The nerve
     stimulation is prevented by providing a shield member for shielding a
     nerve stimulation sensitive portion of the patient located outside of the
     imaging region from a change of the gradient magnetic fields. The
     artifacts are prevented by applying a reading gradient magnetic field
     which is repeatedly switching its polarity along a phase encoding gradient
     magnetic field applied at a rate of once in every two switchings of the
     reading gradient magnetic field, separating the acquired NMR signals
     resulting from odd and even turns of switchings of the reading gradient
     magnetic field as separate data sets, and re-constructing MR images from
     the separate data set for odd turns and even turns separately."
"A torque/position transducer is positioned between the valve stem of a
     valve and a valve operator adapted to open and close the valve and
     includes a body section including an input lug adapted for mating the
     engagement with the output lug of the valve operator and an output lug
     adapted for mating the engagement with the valve stem of the valve. A pair
     of strain gauges are mounted on the body of the torque/position transducer
     and function to generate an output signal indicative of the amount of
     torque necessary to open or close the valve. The body further includes a
     cam secured to the body section. A magnet is positioned in movable contact
     with the cam. A magneto-resistive sensor senses the movement of the magnet
     as the cam varies the distance from said magnet to said sensor and
     generates a signal indicative of the position of the valve stem with
     respect to the valve under the action of the valve operator."
"In an induction- and MR-type composite magnetic head of the type that one
     of two shield films of an MR-type magnetic head serves as one of two cores
     of an induction-type magnetic head, conductive leads are thicker than an
     MR element so that steps are formed at the boundaries between an MR
     element sensitive region and the conductive leads. An upper gap layer has
     a constant thickness and has a recess 56 on its upper surface because of
     topographical transfer of the underlying steps. An upper shield--lower
     core layer has a downward convex at its lower surface, because of
     topographical transfer of the recess on the upper surface of the upper gap
     layer. However, the upper surface of the upper shield--lower core layer is
     flat and parallel to the MR element. Therefore, a write gap layer formed
     thereon is made flat and parallel to the MR element. Steps of the write
     gap can be removed and a record density can be increased."
"A method and apparatus for testing an integrated magnetic head assembly for
     normal operation. The head assembly includes an inductive write element
     and a MR read element. The method includes a step of applying an external
     alternating magnetic field to a plurality of magnetic head assemblies
     which are aligned on a head block and are not yet individually separated
     from the head block, in a direction perpendicular to an ABS of the head
     block, and also applying high frequency current to the inductive write
     element so that alternating leakage magnetic field from the inductive
     write element is applied to the MR read element, and a step of measuring
     varying resistance characteristics of the MR read element with respect to
     the variation of the external alternating magnetic field and to the
     variation of the alternating leakage magnetic field."
"In a capstan motor, a gear portion and an FG detection portion are
     integrally formed of a plastic magnet at mutually different wall
     thicknesses and they are fixed to the outer circumference of a rotor yoke.
     The FG detection portion is provided with multipolar magnetization to
     generate a rotation detection signal with a magnetoresistance element. The
     gear portion is arranged to transmit the drive force to the outside. The
     outer diameter of the rotor yoke is different at the gear portion and at
     the FG detection portion, depending upon the wall thicknesses of the
     plastic magnet. The outer diameter is set to be greater in the portion
     corresponding to the FG magnet of the rotor yoke."
"A method of fabricating a dual magnetoresistive (DMR) sensor with improved
     sensor-to-sensor match is disclosed. A first Mo conductor layer and a
     first NiMn antiferromagnetic layer are formed on top of a first gap layer
     in wing regions of the DMR sensor. The first NiMn layer is formed on top
     of the first Mo layer. A first NiFe sensor layer, a first spacer layer and
     a second NiFe sensor layer are deposited on top of the first NiMn layer in
     the wing regions and on top of the first gap layer in the active region.
     The first NiFe sensor layer, the first spacer layer and the second NiFe
     sensor layer are all deposited in a single vacuum deposition run to
     minimize material mismatches, and are simultaneously patterned to the
     desired geometry to minimize misalignment between the two sensor layers. A
     second conductor layer and a second antiferromagnetic layer are formed on
     top the second NiFe sensor layer in the wing regions."
"In an inductive-write, magnetoresistive-read type magnetic head having a
     magnetoresistive read head and an inductive write head superimposed on
     each other, the magnetic center of the read head is made more coincident
     with the physical center of the write head by a changing of a
     magnetization direction of a magnetoresistive element. The
     recording/reproducing apparatus using this magnetic head can thus have a
     good S/N ratio even if the track width is narrow."
"A sensing current adjusting zone is formed in the outermost or innermost
     periphery of a magnetic disk and reference signals are recorded in a
     recording width corresponding to the width of a plurality of tracks in the
     sensing current adjusting zone so that the phases of the reference signals
     are the same and the radially adjacent reference signals overlap each
     other. When adjusting the sensing current, an MR head is moved forcibly
     into the sensing current adjusting zone to reproduce the reference signal
     and the sensing current is adjusted so that the difference between the
     respective absolute values of the plus peak and the minus peak of the
     reproduced reference signal is reduced to the least extent. Therefore, in
     a magnetic disk unit of a servo system or the like provided with an MR
     head for reproducing servo information, the sensing current to be supplied
     to the MR head can be adjusted to an optimum current, the sensing current
     can be correctly adjusted even in a process in which the servo system of
     the magnetic disk unit is unable to carry out positioning control. A
     feedback loop for sensing current adjustment is capable of always
     adjusting the sensing current to an optimum current even if the
     characteristics of the MR head varies with time."
"A sensor assembly for measuring current I.sub.o is disclosed. The sensor
     assembly includes four magnetoresistive resistors (1, 2, 3, 4) arranged to
     form a Wheatstone bridge. The bridge is disposed over a U shaped conductor
     14. The resistors are arranged so that two resistors (1,2) forming one
     bridge branch are disposed over one leg of the conductor and the two
     resistors (3,4) forming the other bridge branch are disposed over the
     other leg of the conductor. Each resistor is formed out of a number of
     magnetoresistive strips (1', 2', 3', 4'). The magnetoresistive strips
     forming the individual bridge branch resistors are interleaved so as to
     ensure the resistors forming each bridge branch have substantially the
     same temperature. When current I.sub.o is applied to the conductor, the
     equal and opposite magnetic fields that develop around the individual
     bridge branches cause the Wheatstone bridge to produce a signal U.sub.a
     that is a function of the current."
"An improved, shielded magnetic core structure is disclosed that is
     particularly well suited for use in magnetic read and write heads adapted
     for narrow track, short wavelength magnetic recording systems, and for
     transformers of high performance, wide band application. The improved
     magnetic cores use novel field confinement structures to reduce or
     eliminate leakage magnetic paths which normally do not link the head gap
     or do not link the transformer windings. This shielding arrangement
     substantially improves the performance of such devices, as compared to
     conventional, unshielded heads and transformers. Embodiments involving
     toroidal cores, thin film heads, and MR heads are disclosed, along with
     high performance, wide band transformer structures."
"The present invention is a magnetoresistive element amplifier circuit for
     amplifying signals produced by a magnetoresistive element. The amplifier
     circuit includes a gain setting resistor and a first and second
     transistor. The first transistor has a pair of controlled terminals
     connected between first and second supply terminals and in series with the
     magnetoresistive element. The second transistor is connected to the first
     transistor in a cascode configuration. The second transistor has a pair of
     controlled terminals connected between the first and second supply
     terminals and in series with the gain setting resistor. The
     magnetoresistive element is in a separate DC current path from the gain
     setting resistor. The first and second transistors provide small signal
     current through the gain setting resistor for producing gain adjusted
     output signals."
"A multilayer comprising magnetic layers and nonmagnetic layers, which are
     stacked in a manner to produce a magnetoresistance effect, is formed on a
     main surface of a substrate having at least the surface portion formed of
     a single crystal of cubic system. The (110) plane of said single crystal
     constituting the main surface of the substrate. The magnetic layers are
     distorted such that a uniaxial easy axis of magnetization is formed within
     a plane."
"A novel RF coil attached to an invasive device, such as a catheter, is used
     to detect magnetic resonance (MR) signals for monitoring the position of
     the device within a subject and for the acquisition of high-resolution
     magnetic resonance images of the tissue surrounding the device. The novel
     coil is sensitive to a small volume of MR active tissue during tracking
     procedures, but is sensitive to a larger volume during imaging procedures.
     During tracking, the MR signals are detected in the presence of magnetic
     field gradients and thus have frequencies which are substantially
     proportional to the location of the coil along the direction of the
     applied gradient. Signals are detected responsive to applied magnetic
     gradients to determine the position of the coil in several dimensions. The
     position of the novel coil, and hence the device, as determined by the
     tracking system is superimposed upon independently acquired medical
     diagnostic images. Magnetic Resonance images of the tissue surrounding the
     novel coil can be obtained by detecting the MR response signals from the
     novel coil using gradient-recalled, spin-echo or other MR imaging
     sequences."
"A magnetoresistance element has a structure of a magnetic film 3, a
     nonmagnetic film 2 and a magnetic film 1 layered successively, and the
     nonmagnetic film is made of a mixture of electrical conductors and
     insulators. Then, magnetic coupling between the magnetic films 1 and 3 is
     reduced. Further, because it is possible to detect a magnetic field by
     supplying a current along a film plane, a large change in
     magnetoresistance is observed, or the sensitivity is high. Modified
     magnetoresistance elements are also described including a film 4
     suppressing magnetization reversal or an interface magnetic film 5. A
     magnetic head for a hard disk is produced by adding a yoke to the
     magnetoresistance element. A memory device having a plurality of
     magnetoresistance elements is produced by adding word lines and the like
     thereto."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor having end regions separated from each other
     by a central region. Hard bias layers disposed in the end regions
     longitudinally bias an MR layer which is formed in the central region. A
     soft adjacent layer (SAL) is utilized to transversely bias the MR layer.
     The MR layer and the hard bias layers are electrically insulated from the
     SAL by an insulator. The SAL magnetization is fixed through exchange
     coupling with an antiferromagnetic layer. Separating the MR layer and the
     hard bias layers from the SAL by an insulator prevents the sense current
     from flowing in the SAL thus improving the MR effect."
"A rotation sensor has a target wheel including first and second tracks and
     a dual-element magnetoresistive sensor. Each individual magnetoresistive
     element is aligned with a respective track of the target wheel to provide
     substantially inverse resistive changes with the passage of the wheel. One
     of the tracks is characterized by alternating high and low permeability,
     such as by a toothed section, and the other of the tracks is characterized
     by invariant permeability."
"A credit and access control card and reader system comprising: a
     magnetically encodable card comprising a body having upper and lower
     surfaces and side and end edges, the body being formed of plastic material
     having magnetic particles uniformly dispersed throughout the plastic
     material; and a reader having a magneto resistive (MR) head for reading
     the magnetically encodable card as it is moved past the MR head."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) active invasive device system employs a small,
     high-field polarizing magnet, and a large low-field magnetic resonance
     (MR) imaging magnet for the purpose of generating MR images of blood
     perfusion in tissue. A subject is positioned in a large low-field MR
     imaging magnet. A catheter is inserted into the patient at or near the
     root of a vessel supplying blood to a portion of tissue to be imaged. A
     fluid, intended to be used as a contrast agent is first passed through the
     small high-field polarizing magnet, causing a high degree of net
     longitudinal magnetization to be produced in the fluid. The fluid is then
     introduced into the subject through the catheter. Radiofrequency (RF)
     pulses and magnetic field is gradients are then applied to the patient as
     in conventional MR imaging. Since the fluid has a larger longitudinal
     magnetization, before the MR imaging sequence, the fluid produces a much
     larger MR response signal than other tissue. Images acquired during
     periods of time in which the fluid is flowing and not flowing are
     mathematically combined to give an MR image whose pixel intensity is
     related to the degree of tissue perfusion."
"An imaging system includes to a magnetic resonance device (1) for imaging
     inter alia human organs by way of magnetic resonance and an X-ray device
     for imaging by way of X-ray. When interventional techniques are applied in
     combination with a magnetic resonance device (1), the organs are suitably
     visualized, but the instruments guided to an organ via an opening in the
     body are not visible or only hardly so. These instruments must be imaged
     by means of an X-ray device (20); the patient must then be transported
     some distance, for example a few meters, in order to obtain
     distortion-free images of the instruments. Transporting the patient has
     some drawbacks. There is a risk of motion of the instruments within the
     patient and, moreover, the coordinate systems of the MR device (1) and the
     X-ray device (20) might deviate from one another. A solution consists in
     arranging the X-ray device (20) immediately adjacent to or in the MR
     device (1), so that the patient need not be transported at all or only
     over a small distance. The undesired mutual influencing of the MR device
     (1) and the X-ray device (20) is counteracted, for example by using a
     solid-state X-ray detector (22) which includes a solid-state image pick-up
     device and, for example by making the position of the X-ray tube (40)
     dependent on the static magnetic field of the magnetic resonance device."
"A magnetoresistive sensor design and fabrication process that provides
     improved microtrack profile linearity for servo elements while
     simultaneously providing stable and linear data sensing elements suitable
     for high density tape head applications. The stability and uniformity of
     both data and servo sensor elements is enhanced through the use of a
     grating profile under both the soft film biased magnetoresistive sensor
     layer and the hard bias stabilizing magnets. Processing steps are
     eliminated by replicating the grating pattern for the servo sensor
     elements through a thick layer of alumina or silicon dioxide. The outer
     read shield is removed from the servo elements using a stripping process
     that eliminates structural damage arising from alumina pinholes. Both
     element types are free of significant Barkhausen noise and instability
     because of the grating-stabilized domains in both the active
     magnetoresistive regions and the passive hard-biasing regions of each
     sensor. Each servo sensor is disposed at a greater distance from the
     single shield to optimize the microtrack profile. The resulting reduction
     in servo sensor frequency response leaves sufficient bandwidth for precise
     servo positioning."
"A thin film slider with an on-board multi-layer integrated circuit includes
     a substrate with an air bearing surface and a substantially parallel upper
     surface spanned by a deposit end. A magnetic head being formed at the
     deposit end, positioned to magnetically exchange data with a magnetic
     recording medium that passes beneath the air bearing surface. The upper
     surface bears an integrated multi-layer accessory circuit, which may be
     prepared using the CUBE process. Hence, components and vias of the
     different circuit layers are attached by interconnections that span the
     edges of the circuit layers. The accessory circuit preferably includes one
     or more memory devices, such as a cache memory, a DRAM circuit, an EPROM
     circuit, or another memory circuit appropriate to the application. In
     embodiments where the magnetic head is a magnetoresistive (""MR"") head, the
     accessory circuit may also include a pre-amplifier and a sensing circuit
     to support operation of the MR head. The accessory circuit may also
     include electrostatic discharge (""ESD"") protection circuitry to increase
     the accessory circuit's resistance to damage caused by ESD."
"A magnetic disk drive system for writing data into a disk-shaped magnetic
     medium and reading data stored therein, comprises a first terminal, a
     second terminal, and at least one third terminal, a composite head unit
     including an inductive write head and at least one magnetoresistive read
     head which are connected in series between the first and second terminals,
     and at least one common connection node connected to the at least one
     third terminal, and a driving circuit connected to the first through third
     terminals. The driving circuit includes a write circuit for supplying a
     write current to the write head, a read circuit for supplying a sense
     current to the read head to generate a read signal, and a plurality of
     switches for connecting the write circuit to the write head and
     electrically disconnecting the read circuit from the composite head unit
     and the write circuit during writing, and for connecting the read circuit
     to the read head and electrically disconnecting the write circuit from the
     composite head unit and the read circuit during reading."
"A tunneling ferrimagnetic magnetoresistive sensor that has a .DELTA.R/R
     greater than that of known magnetoresistive sensors, and that, with
     appropriate electrode materials, can undergo a substantial change in
     resistance in response to a magnetic field in the intensity range of 10s
     of Oe, which is typical of the intensity of the magnetic fields
     encountered in magnetic recording media such as discs and tapes. The
     tunneling ferrimagnetic magnetoresistive sensor is composed of a stack of
     thin-film layers that include a layer of a ferrimagnetic material, a layer
     of a magnetic material, and a layer of an insulator interposed between the
     layer of the ferrimagnetic material and the layer of the magnetic
     material. The ferrimagnetic material is conductive. The magnetic material
     is also conductive and has a coercivity substantially different from that
     of the ferrimagnetic material. The insulating layer is of a thickness that
     is sufficiently small to permit tunneling of current carriers between the
     layer of the ferrimagnetic material and the layer of the magnetic
     material."
"A magnetoresistive sensor (10) having permanent magnet stabilization
     includes a magnetoresistive layer (12), at least one permanent magnet (14a
     or 14b), and first and second current contacts (16a and 16b). The
     magnetoresistive layer (12) has an active sensing region (18) having a
     first thickness, and at least one under layer region (26a or 26b), with
     each under layer region (26a or 26b) having a second thickness that is
     less than the first thickness. Each permanent magnet (14a or 14b) is
     formed upon an under layer region (26a or 26b) of the magnetoresistive
     layer (12), and the first and second contacts (16a and 16b) are
     electrically coupled to the active region (18)."
"An MR head receives ESD protection from a mechanism that automatically and
     releasably shorts the MR head whenever a suspension assembly on which the
     head is mounted is not installed in an HDA. The suspension assembly
     includes a flexure underlying a load beam, which is connected to an
     actuator arm. The MR head is mounted to a distal end of the flexure, leads
     from components of the MR head being brought out in the form of MR wire
     leads running along the load beam and the support arm to a nearby terminal
     connecting side tab. The conductors are separated and exposed at a
     designated point along the flexure to provide a contact region. A shorting
     bar, which comprises an electrically conductive member attached to the
     actuator arm, automatically connects the MR wire leads at the contact
     region when absence of support for the MR head permits the load beam to
     bend sufficiently toward the shorting bar. Thus, when the assembly is
     removed from installation in an HDA, the flexure is permitted to move
     toward the shorting bar, bringing the contact region and the shorting bar
     in electrical contact to short the MR wired leads and thereby disable the
     MR sensor. When the assembly is installed in an HDA, the MR head is
     supported by an air bearing or the disk itself, depending upon whether the
     disk is rotating or stopped, respectively. In either case, the load beam
     is not permitted to droop and the shorting bar cannot contact the
     conductors, thus activating the MR sensor. Temporary ESD protection
     mechanisms are also provided, these being removable prior to operation of
     the HDA by breaking and removing various temporary shorting mechanisms."
"A magnetoresistance effect thin-film magnetic head superior in magnetic
     stability and capable of developing a high playback power. The thin-film
     magnetic head has a magnetoresistance effect stabilizing layer 11
     inclusive a diamagnetic film or a hard magnetic film, a non-magnetic
     insulating layer 12 and a magnetoresistance effect layer 13 inclusive of a
     magnetoresistance effect film, layered together to form a
     magnetoresistance effect element 3. The thin-film magnetic head also has a
     non-magnetic insulating layer 4 arranged on a lateral surface of the
     magnetoresistance effect element 3 and a pair of electrodes connected to
     the magnetoresistance effect layer 13 on both ends of the upper surface of
     the magneto-resistance effect element 3. The playback signals are detected
     by the magnetoresistance effect of the magnetoresistance effect layer 13."
"The invention relates to a current sensor or transducer (10) for measuring
     the current flowing through an electric conductor (11), comprising a
     magnetoresistive tape (12) surrounding the conductor and whose ends (13,
     14) are to be connected to a device for measuring said current,
     characterized in that the tape (12) is shaped like a tube with an axis
     centred on the conductor and in that it is formed with a multilayer,
     metallic, magnetic structure, whose layers constitute the same number of
     stacked elementary tubes concentric to said axis."
"A spin valve magnetoresistive sensor includes a substrate and a layered
     structure formed on the substrate. The layered structure includes a pair
     of thin film layers of ferromagnetic material separated from each other by
     a nonmagnetic spacer. The direction of magnetization of one of the thin
     film layers is pinned by a first permanent magnet layer. A second
     permanent magnet layer is located adjacent to the other of the thin film
     layers for longitudinal biasing purposes. The first permanent magnet layer
     has significantly higher coercivity than the second permanent magnet
     layer."
"A magnetoresitive transducer has an insulating gap layer of variable
     thickness. The transducer includes a magnetoresistive layer disposed in an
     active region, and a first magnetic shield layer disposed in the active
     region and a field region. An insulating layer is spaced between the
     magnetoresistive layer and the magnetic shield layer. The insulating layer
     is thinner in the active region than in the field region. The probability
     of other layers bridging through the insulating layer in the field region
     is substantially reduced. The method of forming the transducer includes
     depositing a first insulating layer above the magnetic layer, and then
     selectively etching the first insulating layer by forming an opening in
     the active region having a cross-sectional profile sloping inwardly toward
     the magnetic shield layer. Thereafter, an insulating layer is deposited
     atop the first insulating layer having the opening. The combined
     insulating layers constitute the gap layer of variable thickness in the
     magnetoresistive transducer."
"Methods and apparatus for magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) assisted
     cryosurgery. Optimal probe placements and cooling parameters are
     calculated prior to cryosurgery using MRI data. A MRI compatible cryoprobe
     and a stereotactic probe positioning device are provided. The resolution
     of MR images is enhanced by mounting a radio frequency MR coil on the
     intracorporeal end of a cryoprobe. During cryosurgery the temperature
     distribution in the frozen region is solved by determining the boundary of
     the frozen region and solving the heat equation for the known boundary
     conditions. During cryosurgery the temperature distribution in the
     unfrozen region is determined by T1 measurements. The process of freezing
     is controlled using information from the solution of the energy equation
     in the frozen region and temperature measurements in the unfrozen region.
     After cryosurgery the extent of the tissue damage may be ascertained using
     phosphorus-31 and/or sodium-23 spectroscopy with a special coil set on the
     cryosurgical probe."
"A magnetoresistive head assembly comprising:
a paired magnetoresistive head including first and second magnetoresistive
     elements, and having a first electrically insulating spacer located
     between the elements;
the first and second magnetoresistive elements being of nominally identical
     thickness, geometry, magnetic and electrical properties, with the
     exception that easy-axis of uniaxial anisotropy (excluding shape
     anisotropy) of the first MR element, is oriented at a first, substantially
     nonzero angle with respect to the geometrically defined longitudinal axis
     of the MR elements, and is substantially nonparallel to the easy-axis of
     uniaxial anisotropy (excluding shape anisotropy) of the second MR element,
     the easy-axis of uniaxial anisotropy of the second MR element being
     oriented at a second, substantially nonzero angle with respect to the
     geometrically defined longitudinal axis of the MR elements;
means for making electrical contact to, and supplying a parallel bias
     current of nominally equal amplitude through both of the MR elements; and
means for sensing the difference in voltage across the first and second MR
     elements."
"A giant magnetoresistive dual spin valve sensor employs at least one
     magnetic biasing layer located adjacent to an antiferromagnetic layer in
     the spin valve structure which includes two pinned ferromagnetic layers.
     The antiferromagnetic layer simultaneously pins the biasing layer and the
     ferromagnetic layer nearest the antiferromagnetic layer. This structure
     eliminates the bias point offset present in prior dual spin valve sensors."
"A low-noise toroidal thin film head (""TFH"") device has low coil resistance
     and inductance, especially suitable for very high magnetic recording areal
     densities and channel frequencies. The length of a toroidal coil turn is
     only about 20-30% that of the length of an average turn in the
     conventional planar spiral coil design. This allows either reduction of
     the device thermal noise (by about 6 dB) and/or increase of the device
     operational frequency bandwidth (by a factor of 3-5). The toroidal coil
     coupling efficiency between each turn and the magnetic core is practically
     100%, thereby improving the write and read-back efficiencies. In one
     embodiment a non-via large back-closure contact area is provided between
     the bottom and top magnetic poles along their entire back-side width, and
     all other open branches and loose ends in the magnetic circuit are
     eliminated. The magnetic core has a gradual, smooth toroidal (or a
     horse-shoe) shape with no loose ends, nooks, crevices, or sharp corners.
     The larger back-closure contact area decreases the magnetic core
     reluctance and improves the device efficiency. Utilization of a soft
     non-magnetic seed-layer, such as gold, eliminates interference noise due
     to the conventional magnetic (NiFe) seed-layer. Slight mechanical
     texturing (scratching) of the seed-layer along the intended easy axis
     helps to define and induce strong magnetic uniaxial anisotropy in the
     plated magnetic poles. All these features facilitate significant reduction
     of Barkhausen and other sources of device noise. Embodiments include
     conventional TFH's, Planar TFH's, Pinched-Gap TFH's, and various versions
     of Magnetoresistive (MR) TFH's."
"A magneto-resistive (MR) element of a thin-film magnetic head comprises a
     three-layer structure. The three-layer structure comprises a layer of soft
     magnetic material, a thin non-magnetic decoupling layer and an MR layer,
     and has an ellipse-like C-shape with a gap in its back passive region. The
     axis of easy magnetization of the MR layer is parallel to the main axis of
     the ellipse-like C-shape three-layered structure. The MR layer is
     longitudinally biased by an exchange bias field developed by exchange
     coupling between the antiferromagnetic layer and the MR layer. The
     antiferromagnetic layer is deposited in direct contact only in the back
     passive region of the MR layer of a level sufficient to maintain that
     region of the MR layer in a linear response mode. Spaced conductor leads
     are connected directly to the MR layer within the front active region to
     define a detection region, and through the antiferromagnetic layer in the
     back passive region."
"A method for determining through a test structure a longitudinal magnetic
     exchange field within a patterned exchange biased magnetoresistive (MR)
     sensor element. To practice the method, there is first provided a
     substrate. Formed upon the substrate is a patterned magnetoresistive (MR)
     layer which has a projected length upon the substrate and a projected
     width upon the substrate. There is formed at a pair of separated locations
     over the patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer a pair of patterned
     conductor lead layers. The pair of patterned conductor lead layers is
     separated by a track width of the patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer,
     where the track width is smaller than the projected width. There is also
     formed within the track width and upon the patterned magnetoresistive (MR)
     layer a minimum of one patterned anti-ferromagnetic layer separated from
     each patterned conductor lead layer within the pair of patterned conductor
     lead layers by a minimum of one unpinned width of the patterned
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer. The patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer
     also has a minimum of one pinned width of the patterned magnetoresistive
     (MR) layer beneath the minimum of one patterned anti-ferromagnetic layer.
     The projected length, the unpinned width and the pinned width of the
     patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer are chosen such that the magnetic
     domains within the unpinned width and the pinned width are coupled such
     that they switch jointly in an externally applied magnetic field. Finally,
     there is measured through the patterned conductor lead layers a resistance
     change within the patterned magnetoresistive (MR) layer when the patterned
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer is exposed to the externally applied magnetic
     field. The invention also contemplates the test structure through which
     the method of the invention is practiced."
"Disclosed is a magneto-resistance effect element indicating a larger
     magneto-resistance effect at room temperature under impression of low
     magnetic field is obtained with the construction wherein the
     characteristics of artificial metallic lattice membrane are exploited."
"It is an object of the present invention to provide a magnetoresistance
     effect element which has a film with a spin valve structure or an
     artificial lattice film having good soft magnetic characteristics, and
     which can be applied to a high-sensitivity magnetic head. The present
     invention provides a magnetoresistance effect element including a stacked
     film formed on a substrate by sequentially stacking a ferromagnetic film
     containing as its main constituents at least one elements selected from
     the group consisting of Co, Fe, and Ni, a nonmagnetic film, and the
     ferromagnetic film, wherein the two ferromagnetic films are not coupled
     with each other, and the closest packed plane of each ferromagnetic film
     is oriented in a direction perpendicular to the film surface."
"A spin valve magnetoresistive (SVMR) sensor uses a laminated antiparallel
     (AP) pinned layer in combination with an improved antiferromagnetic (AF)
     exchange biasing layer. The pinned layer comprises two ferromagnetic films
     separated by a nonmagnetic coupling film such that the magnetizations of
     the two ferromagnetic films are strongly coupled together
     antiferromagnetically in an antiparallel orientation. This laminated AP
     pinned layer is magnetically rigid in the small field excitations required
     to rotate the SVMR sensor's free layer. When the magnetic moments of the
     two ferromagnetic layers in this AP pinned layer are nearly the same, the
     net magnetic moment of the pinned layer is small. However, the exchange
     field is correspondingly large because it is inversely proportional to the
     net magnetic moment. The laminated AP pinned layer has its magnetization
     fixed or pinned by an AF material that is highly corrosion resistant but
     that has an exchange anisotropy too low to be usable in conventional SVMR
     sensors. In the preferred embodiment the AF layer is nickel-oxide and is
     formed on one of the magnetoresistive (MR) shields that serves as the
     substrate. Thus the AF material also serves as the insulating MR gap
     material. The location of the AF layer and the laminated AP-pinned layer
     to which it is exchange coupled on the bottom of the SVMR sensor allows
     for improved longitudinal biasing of the free layer when the SVMR sensor
     is fabricated."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor comprises a dual differential spin valve
     structure. Each of the spin valves comprise first (free) and second
     (pinned) layers of ferromagnetic material separated by a thin film layer
     of nonmagnetic material. The magnetization direction of the pinned layers
     of ferromagnetic material in each spin valve is fixed, and their
     magnetization is set antiparallel to each other. A current flow is
     produced through the MR sensor, and the variations in voltage across the
     MR sensor are sensed due to changes in resistance of the MR sensor
     produced by rotation of the magnetization in the free layers of
     ferromagnetic material as a function of the magnetic field being sensed."
"A magnetic domain controlling film for controlling the magnetic domain of a
     magnetoresistive film is formed by a patterning technique on a lower
     insulating film formed on a lower shield film. The magnetoresistive film
     is formed on the magnetic domain controlling film for converting a
     magnetic signal from a magnetic recording medium into an electrical signal
     using the magnetoresistive effect. A resist pattern is formed by the
     lift-off method on the magnetoresistive film in such a fashion as to leave
     a region of the magnetoresistive film corresponding to the tracks of the
     magnetic recording medium. A magnetoresistive element is formed by ion
     milling leaving only the portion of the magnetoresistive film
     corresponding to the tracks. An insulating layer is formed on the resist
     pattern, on the upper surface region of the lower insulating film other
     than the portion thereof right under the magnetic domain controlling film
     reduced in thickness by ion milling, and on the upper surface region of
     the magnetic domain controlling film other than the portion thereof right
     under the magnetoresistive film. An electrode film is formed on the
     insulating layer, after which the resist pattern is removed. The
     insulating layer is contiguously deposited on the upper surface region
     formed in a thin layer of the lower insulating film and on a part of the
     upper surface region formed in a thin layer of the magnetic domain
     controlling film."
"An innovative disk drive system which provides a regulated bias current to
     a magnetoresistive read head, and controls the voltage of the
     magnetoresistive read head terminals so that the CENTER of the resistor is
     at ground. This halves the peak magnitude of the head-to-disk voltage."
"A magnetoresistance effect element comprises the multilayer formed by
     alternately stacking magnetic and nonmagnetic layers. The magnetic layers
     containing three magnetic elements of Fe, Co and Ni. Any two magnetic
     layers adjacent to each other with one of the nonmagnetic layer interposed
     therebetween are antiferromagnetically coupled under a condition where a
     magnetic field is not substantially applied thereto."
"An improved method of manufacturing is provided for making an improved
     merged MR head. The method employs a photoresist mask with
     appropriately-sized openings for simultaneously etching numerous vias to
     various depths over a set time period. After formation of the vias, a
     single photoresist mask is employed to pattern in one step gap layers G3,
     G2, G1 and a first shield layer S1 to the desired lateral configuration
     for the merged MR head. Subsequent to patterning these thin film layers,
     double insulation layers I2 and I3 are individually soft baked on top of
     the coil structure of the head followed by patterning of the layers I2/I3
     by a single photoresist mask. These layers are then hard baked to retain
     the desired smooth configuration of the layers. The improved merged MR
     head has a smooth configuration to its top pole piece P2 because of the
     smooth configuration of the I2/I3 layer so that flux leakage and
     saturation problems are minimized."
"A non-magnetic magnetoresistive head for reading a magnetic pattern stored
     as domains in tracks on a storage device uses as the sensor a wafer of a
     high electron mobility non-magnetic semiconductor, such as indium
     antimonide or mercury-cadmium telluride, which includes an electrode
     configuration that includes an inner stripe electrode and an outer
     rectangular electrode surrounding the inner electrode. The wafer is
     supported so that the plane of the wafer is parallel to the disk and
     perpendicular to the magnetic field being sensed."
"A magnetic information detecting apparatus is disclosed including a
     recording medium in which magnetic information is recorded and a magnetic
     field detection unit for detecting the magnetic information, the magnetic
     field detection unit having its magnetic field detecting section formed of
     a magnetoresistive element or a Hall element, the magnetic field detecting
     section surrounding peripheries of the recording medium. The recording
     medium has a substantially circular cross section. The magnetoresistive
     element has a structure of an artificial multilayer film formed by
     alternately stacking a conductor layer and a magnetic layer. The magnetic
     field detection unit has a soft magnetic body for conducting a magnetic
     field to the magnetic field detecting section."
"A magnetoresistive head includes a magnetoresistive film and a magnetic
     domain control layer, formed by a paramagnetic film which is provided in
     contact with the magnetoresistive film and an antiferromagnetic film which
     is provided in contact with the paramagnetic film, provided in contact
     with the magnetoresistive film."
"MR heads having MR sensors are protected against damage caused by
     electrostatic discharge or the presence of electrostatically charged
     fields. A shunt is provided across the adjacent conductive leads or traces
     to the MR sensor at a point that is immediately adjacent their termination
     on the MR head. A solder bridge may be used for the shunt. The solder
     shunt is removed prior to putting the integrated suspension on which the
     MR head is mounted into operation in a magnetic disk drive system. The
     solder shunt is removed by reflowing the solder and drawing the reflowed
     solder away from the leads to break electrical connection of the shunt
     across the adjacent leads to the MR sensor. To facilitate removing the
     shunt by reflowing the solder, at least one solder lobe of a chosen
     geometry is placed adjacent a lead. This lobe includes a confining lobe
     which serves to confine the solder in the shunt region when the shunt is
     formed, and a designated portion which serves to draw the solder to a
     designated location away from the shunt region upon subsequent solder
     reflow, thereby causing a physical break in the shunt. Physical removal of
     the solder material would not be required. The shunt may also be in the
     form of an integral bridge of conductive material interconnecting the
     adjacent leads, which is removed by using a laser to melt the material."
"It is an object of the present invention to provide a magnetoresistance
     effect element which has a film with a spin valve structure or an
     artificial lattice film having good soft magnetic characteristics, and
     which can be applied to a high-sensitivity magnetic head. The present
     invention provides a magnetoresistance effect element including a stacked
     film formed on a substrate by sequentially stacking a ferromagnetic film
     containing as its main constituents at least one elements selected from
     the group consisting of Co, Fe, and Ni, a nonmagnetic film, and the
     ferromagnetic film, wherein the two ferromagnetic films are not coupled
     with each other, and the closest packed plane of each ferromagnetic film
     is oriented in a direction perpendicular to the film surface."
"A method is described for increasing the temporal resolution of MR
     fluoroscopy procedures. A central portion of the image requiring a higher
     temporal resolution is updated more frequently using less-than-complete
     newly acquired NMR data. A running average of the signals produced by
     peripheral structures is used to form the periphery of the image and to
     remove artifact-producing data from the less-than-complete NMR data."
"An orthogonal spin valve read head is provided wherein a spin valve sensor
     is asymmetrically located between first and second shield layers so that
     image currents in the first and second shield layers produce a resultant
     image field which partially or completely counterbalances a stiffening
     field from antiferromagnetic, pinned and spacer layers in the MR sensor
     when sense current is conducted therethrough. Accordingly, the spin valve
     sensor may be located a greater distance from the second shield layer by
     providing a mid-gap layer between the spin valve sensor and a second gap
     layer. In one example, the total thickness of the mid-gap and second gap
     layer is four times as thick as the first gap layer which results in the
     image fields from the first and second shield layers completely
     counterbalancing the field from the antiferromagnetic, pinned and spacer
     layers due to the sense current."
"A self-biasing, non-magnetic giant magnetoresistive sensor constructed from
     a thin film of inhomogeneous magnetoresistive material showing Giant
     Magnetresistance (GMR) at T=300.degree. K., e.g., Mercury Cadmium
     Telluride. In one embodiment, the sensor has a silicon substrate, a layer
     of inhomogeneous magnetoresistive material, e.g., Hg.sub.l-x Cd.sub.x Te,
     and electrodes attached to the non-homogeneous magnetoresistive layer.
     Alternatively, a buffer layer of, e.g., CdTe may overlay the substrate. In
     another embodiment, the sensor is an active element of a read/write head,
     particularly well suited for reading information signals stored in a
     magnetic medium."
"A dual element magnetoresistive (MR) sensor is disclosed comprising two MR
     elements separated by a high resistivity conductive spacer material. A
     layer of hard bias material, which abuts one of the MR elements at each of
     its track edges, has a magnetization times thickness value substantially
     matched to that of the one MR element to bias it in one longitudinal
     direction. An exchange bias layer biases the other MR element by exchange
     coupling in an opposite longitudinal direction to achieve magnetic
     stabilization between the MR elements. The exchange bias layer abuts the
     other MR element at each of its track edges and has a magnetization times
     thickness value substantially matched to that of the other MR element.
     Alternatively, the exchange bias layer extends from one track edge to an
     opposite track edge in continuous underlying or overlying contact with the
     other MR element."
"The invention concerns a magneto-resistive magnetic sensor comprising a
     magneto-resistive element, the resistance of which varies as a function of
     the applied magnetic field and two pole pieces that collect the magnetic
     field to be detected so as to concentrate it in the magneto-resistive
     element, each pole piece being positioned to partially overlap the
     magneto-resistive element, a current I passing through this
     magneto-resistive element, wherein the zones of the magneto-resistive
     element that are overlapped by pole pieces are cut out such that the
     current that passes through the magneto-resistive element is located in a
     zone in the air gap between the two pole pieces."
"A tester for measuring the resistance of magnetoresistive heads as a
     function of the magnetic field applied to the heads. The tester applies a
     time varying magnetic field to the magnetoresistive head to be tested and
     filters the resulting time varying (AC) voltage signal indicative of the
     resistance of the head with a capacitor to remove the DC component of the
     signal. The AC component of the signal is then amplified, digitized, and
     analyzed to obtain the resistance properties of the magnetoresistive head."
"A magnetic reluctance sensor can obtain a stable output without causing a
     curve around the center of an output waveform of an MR output even if the
     gap between an MR element and an MR magnet is narrowed. A stable output is
     obtained without causing a curve in an output waveform even if the facing
     interval ""g"" between magnet means 2 and a magnetism-sensitive element 3 is
     decreased, by setting a magnetism-sensitive pattern width ""d"" of the
     magnetism-sensitive element 3 to a value 0.3 to 1.0 times larger than a
     magnetic pole width .lambda. of the magnet means 2."
"A magnetoresistive element includes a substrate, and a plurality of fine
     line structures, which are provided on the substrate to be substantially
     parallel to each other, and which each have an aspect ratio greater than
     1. Each fine line structure has a multilayer structure of a first
     ferromagnetic layer, a non-magnetic conductive layer and a second
     ferromagnetic layer. Magnetic moments of the first and second
     ferromagnetic layers orient antiparallel to each other in a state with no
     external magnetic field being applied."
"A magneto-resistance effect type thin-film magnetic head for detecting
     reproduced signals by the magneto-resistance effect, which is suitable for
     detecting reproduced signals by magneto-resistance effects, is disclosed.
     The thin-film magnetic head includes a two-layered magneto-resistance
     effect element made up of a first magneto-resistance effect film and a
     second magneto-resistance effect film of substantially the same width as
     the first magneto-resistance effect film, layered with a non-magnetic
     insulating film in-between. Since the magneto-static coupling is produced
     between the first and second MR films, the magnetic state between the
     first and second MR films is stabilized. The film thickness contributing
     to the playback output can be reduced as in the case of a single-layer
     magnetic head constituted by a single-layer MR film for realizing a high
     playback output."
"A magnetic head assembly includes a magnetoresistive (MR) read sensor
     dielectrically disposed between a magnetic shield layer and a first pole
     layer. A write transducer comprises an inductive coil having a plurality
     of windings dielectrically disposed between the first pole layer and a
     second pole layer. The magnetic shield layer partially overlaps portions
     of the coil windings. A nonmagnetic layer is coplanar with the magnetic
     shield layer. A reduced coupling area between the magnetic shield layer
     and the coil decreases the mutual inductance applied to the magnetic coil
     by the magnetic layer, resulting in the coil having better response to
     write current and being capable of operating at wider frequency ranges.
     The first pole layer includes a unique shape having a narrow mid-section
     integrally formed between the wider end sections. The narrow mid-section
     of the first pole layer also reduces the coupling area between the first
     pole layer and the coil and reduces the mutual inductance from the first
     pole layer to the coil."
"In a magnetoresistive magnetic head having a laminate composed of a
     magnetoresistive (MR) layer showing the magnetoresistive effect, a SHUNT
     layer as a non-magnetic layer and a soft adjacent layer (SAL) for applying
     a transverse bias magnetic field to the MR layer, the MR layer and the SAL
     are made of the same Ni.sub.81 Fe.sub.19 magnetic film. Since the SAL is
     magnetically saturated in the same direction as the direction of leakage
     flux of a recording medium (y direction), permeability thereof in the y
     direction decreases, and the MR effect function therein can be restricted.
     Although the MR layer and the SAL have the same specific resistance .rho.,
     a sufficient detection current can be made to flow through the MR layer
     and a high-precision magnetic detection output can be obtained by making
     the MR layer thicker than the SAL."
"A single end input type high frequency amplifier of the present invention
     decreases noise superposed on a power supply of a pre-amplifier in a read
     amplifier which amplifies a signal from MR head. The single end input type
     high frequency amplifier includes a transistor connected to an input side
     terminal of a differential input amplifier. A single end type resistor is
     connected to the transistor and a loop amplifier is connected to the
     single end type resistor to feedback a difference voltage between a
     reference side terminal and an input side terminal of the differential
     input amplifier."
"A magnetic sensor circuit provides current sources that create a feedback
     loop for an amplifier of one magnetically sensitive component in order to
     maintain the sensor output and the corresponding amplifier input at a
     first preselected magnitude which can be generally equal to zero. The
     other current source maintains a generally identical current as a
     reference against which the output of another magnetically sensitive
     component is compared. The magnetically sensitive components can be Hall
     effect elements, indium antimonide sensors or magnetoresistive elements.
     The output of the circuit is representative of the difference between the
     magnetic field intensities imposed on the first and second magnetically
     sensitive components."
"A controllable fluid device (20) for rehabilitation of injured or weakened
     complex appendages such as the hands and feet. The controllable fluid
     device (20)includes a reservoir (34)which contains a sufficient amount of
     controllable fluid (52)such as a Magnetorheological (MR) fluid. A magnetic
     field generator (36)provides the magnetic field (H) which is applied to
     the controllable fluid (52) by a magnetic circuit (60). In one aspect, an
     electromagnet including a coil (58) and core (54) provides the magnetic
     field (H). The intensity of the magnetic field is controlled via a
     controller (38). In another aspect, the magnetic field (H) is provided by
     a permanent magnet (44) and a mechanical shunt mechanism (42) is used to
     vary the magnetic field intensity. Other embodiments include a heater unit
     (66) with optional thermostat (74)."
"The present invention intends to solve the above described problems and
     provides a high reliability complex type thin film magnetic head in which
     high recording magnetic field density is achieved without deteriorating an
     MR element by heat, and in the case when the complex type thin film
     magnetic head is of sliding type, eccentric friction likely to occur in a
     lower magnetic core and a upper magnetic core is relaxed and production
     method thereof. The complex type thin film magnetic head is structured by
     forming an MR head portion on an inductive head portion produced on a base
     substrate. Conductive coils are formed on the recess portions formed on
     the lower magnetic core because the groove portions exist through a first
     flattening layer."
"In a recording/reproduction apparatus equipped with an integrated head
     comprising a thin film inductive write element and a MR read element and
     mounted on a head slider which is arranged to be rotatable about a point
     so as to be rotationally accessible to tracks of a disk serving as a
     recording medium to make yaw angles with respect to tangents of the
     tracks, the inductive write element and the MR read element are arranged
     so that a magnetic center line of the MR read element which extends in
     directions perpendicular to track crossing directions is separated from a
     geometric center line of the MR write element which extends in directions
     perpendicular to the track crossing directions. The separation between the
     inductive write element and the MR read element is determined as the
     result of a multiplication of 1/2 of the sum of the sine of the slider yaw
     angle with respect to the tangent of the innermost track on the disk and
     the sine of the slider yaw angle with respect to the tangent of the
     outermost track by the distance between a gap of the inductive write
     element and the center of the MR read element. This arrangement allows
     minimizing the off-track between the write and read modes which occurs due
     to the yaw angles."
"Determining a micro-jog parameter in a disk drive that employs a
     magneto-resistive (MR) transducer head assembly and a partial response
     (PRML) detector includes improved accuracy in measuring on-track signal
     strength by use of a matched filter technique. The matched filter includes
     circuitry for emulating a partial response signal expected to be produced
     by a selected test bit pattern prerecorded on the selected track. The
     matched filtering technique provides improved accuracy in measuring the
     detected signal strength as it provides an extremely narrow digital filter
     focused on the test bit pattern frequency. Improved determination of the
     micro-jog distance further includes measuring interference from adjacent
     tracks, the best error rate being achieved at micro-jog positions
     intermediate the maximum on-track signal strength and the minimum
     off-track interference. A novel digital detector for accurately measuring
     adjacent track interference also is disclosed."
"A single-ended input amplifier circuit for use within a magnetic media
     storage system includes circuits for concurrently biasing and amplifying
     signals generated by a magnetoresistive element. The amplifier receives
     power from a single-ended power supply. A first resistor is included for
     setting the gain of the amplifier and providing an output signal
     corresponding to the signals generated by the magnetoresistive element. A
     first feedback circuit generates a first biasing current provided to the
     magnetoresistive element. The first feedback circuit includes a first
     transconductance amplifier which amplifies the difference between the
     output signal and a reference voltage. A second feedback circuit generates
     a second biasing current provided to the magnetoresistive element. The
     second feedback circuit includes a second transconductance amplifier which
     amplifies the difference between the reference voltage and a voltage
     signal taken from a node between two resistors. A transistor is coupled
     between the receiving circuit and the first resistor for controlling the
     generation of the output signal by the first resistor. The transistor is
     controlled by the output of the second transconductance amplifier and a
     first capacitor. The first resistor, the transistor and the second
     feedback circuit are all referenced to the single-ended supply voltage for
     providing an increased power supply rejection ratio. The second biasing
     current is provided through two resistors thereby increasing the output
     impedance of the amplifier circuit."
"A method for driving a magneto-resistive effect element in which a bias
     magnetic field is applied by a bias conductor fed with a bias current to a
     magneto-resistive effect element whose resistivity is changed with an
     impressed magnetic field, wherein the improvement comprises supplying to
     said bias conductor a pulsed initial current having a pulse crest value
     higher than the bias current value prior to supplying said bias current.
     The MR head can be operated with MR characteristics with stable output and
     with highly sensitive MR characteristics."
"A device for measuring magnetic fields comprises an assembly of at least
     two magnetic field sensors each of which comprises a number of
     magnetoresistive sensor elements situated in one plane and which have the
     same privileged directions of magnetization, said sensor elements being
     connected to a power supply circuit and to a signal processing circuit.
     The privileged directions of magnetization of the sensor elements of
     different magnetic field sensors are different. The assembly of magnetic
     field sensors is arranged within a magnetization coil made of a number of
     turns of an electric conductor extending around a central axis so as to
     generate an auxiliary magnetic field extending parallel to the central
     axis. The magnetic field sensors are arranged within the magnetization
     coil so that the angle enclosed by the central axis relative to the normal
     to the plane of the sensor elements is the same for each of the magnetic
     field sensors and the auxiliary magnetic field at the area of each of the
     magnetic field sensors contains a component which is parallel to the
     privileged direction of magnetization of the sensor elements of the
     relevant magnetic field sensor. The sensor part formed by the magnetic
     field sensors and the magnetization coil is small and light because the
     direction of the auxiliary magnetic field encloses the same angle .alpha.
     relative to the privileged direction of magnetization of the sensor
     elements of each of the magnetic field sensors, where
     0.degree.&lt;.alpha.&lt;90.degree.."
"It is an object of the present invention to provide a magnetoresistance
     effect element which has a film with a spin valve structure or an
     artificial lattice film having good soft magnetic characteristics, and
     which can be applied to a high-sensitivity magnetic head. The present
     invention provides a magnetoresistance effect element including a stacked
     film formed on a substrate by sequentially stacking a ferromagnetic film
     containing as its main constituents at least one elements selected from
     the group consisting of Co, Fe, and Ni, a nonmagnetic film, and the
     ferromagnetic film, wherein the two ferromagnetic films are not coupled
     with each other, and the closest packed plane of each ferromagnetic film
     is oriented in a direction perpendicular to the film surface."
"A giant magnetoresistive material film includes at least two ferromagnetic
     layers of a NiFe alloy or NiFeCo alloy, which are formed on a substrate
     through a nonmagnetic layer of Au, Ag, Cu or Cr, wherein magnetization of
     at lest one of the ferromagnetic layers is pinned by a coercive force
     increasing layer of .alpha.-Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3 provided adjacent thereto and
     having a thickness of 200 to 1000 .ANG. so as to increase coercive force
     of the ferromagnetic layer, and the other ferromagnetic layer has free
     magnetization so as to produce a change in resistance at a low magnetic
     field. The present invention also provides a method of producing the giant
     magnetoresistive material film and a magnetic head provided with the giant
     magnetoresistive material film."
"An MR head includes a soft magnetic (SAL) layer, a nonmagnetic (SHUNT)
     layer, and a magnetoresistive (MR) layer, which are formed on top of each
     other, with shielding layers being formed on the upper and lower sides of
     these layers. The shielding layers, which are formed, for example, of an
     Fe-based fine crystalline material, are heated in a magnetic field, so
     that the magnetic permeability in the direction of the normal of the
     recording medium (the y-direction) of the shielding layers is higher than
     the magnetic permeability in the track-width direction (the x-direction)
     of the same, whereby it is possible to enhance the shielding effect of the
     shielding layers with respect to a leakage magnetic field from the
     recording medium. Further, due to the relatively low magnetic permeability
     in the x-direction of the shielding layers, a bias magnetic field imparted
     to the magnetoresistive layer from the hard bias layer is not easily drawn
     in the shielding layers."
"This ammeter comprises an element made of magnetoresistive material in a
     thin layer located on a first face of a substrate; first connection means
     connected to the magnetoresistive element in two zones along a first
     direction (XX') and enabling the element to be supplied with current;
     second connection means connected to the magnetoresistive element in two
     zones located along a second direction (YY') perpendicular to the first
     direction (XX'). This ammeter enables the measurement of the value of the
     current flowing in a conductor preferably oriented in a direction (ZZ')
     parallel to the first direction (XX')."
"A magnetoresistive sensor includes at least one measuring layer having a
     magnetization M.sub.M in the plane of the layer, and a bias layer having a
     fixed magnetization M.sub.B in the plane of the layer, which are
     exchange-decoupled from one another by an interlayer. To achieve
     magnetostatic decoupling of the measuring layer and the bias layer coupled
     anti-ferromagnetically in an ""artificial anti-ferromagnet"" to a magnetic
     layer through a coupling layer. In a preferred embodiment, the
     magnetizations of the measuring layer M.sub.M and of the bias layer
     M.sub.B are at least approximately orthogonal to each other. The resulting
     sensor has a linear characteristic and maximum sensitivity."
"A magnetic field sensor is composed of layered magnetoresistive elements
     which are arranged in a bridge on a substrate. The magnetoresistive
     elements comprise two ferromagnetic layers which exhibit an uni-axial
     anisotropy in one plane and are separated by a non-ferromagnetic layer.
     During the manufacture of the sensor the magnetization directions of these
     ferromagnetic layers are laid down so that two elements in two adjacent
     branches of the bridge exhibit an opposed sensitivity to external magnetic
     fields. Moreover, in each magnetoresistive element the magnetization of a
     ferromagnetic layer is adjusted substantially perpendicularly to the
     magnetization direction of the other ferromagnetic layer. As a result
     auxiliary fields are no longer required for the measurement of small
     magnetic fields and the sensor is substantially free of hysteresis and has
     an enhanced linearity."
"A magnetic detection device including at least one oscillator circuit
     having a magnetoresistance element which converts a change of magnetism
     detected into a digital signal and a comparator for comparing the
     digitalized oscillating frequency of the oscillator circuit with another
     digitalized oscillating frequency generated from another oscillating
     circuit by taking a ratio thereof or by detecting a phase difference
     between the pulse signals. Utilizing the magnetic detection device, the
     amount of change of magnetism can be stably detected with a high accuracy
     within a wide range of ambient usage temperatures. The physical quantity
     detection device includes a magnetic detection device which can detect any
     physical quantity with a high accuracy."
"A magnetic resonance imaging system and method for detecting blood flow
     abnormalities according to the time delay for the arrival of a bolus of a
     MR contrast agent into localized regions as observed in a temporal series
     magnetic resonance signals or images obtained subsequent to bolus
     injection. A rapid series of imaging pulse sequences acquires the time
     development of the signal from localized regions within the imaged field
     of view of a body. During the imaging period, a bolus of a MR contrast
     agent is injected into the cardiovascular system of the body. As the MR
     contrast material circulates through the imaged region, the associated
     field gradient which extends into the surrounding tissue results in signal
     losses in the acquired signal from these regions. The arrival time for the
     bolus into a given localized region is determined from the acquired time
     data, and the relative arrival time among regions in the imaged field of
     view indicates whether there is decreased blood flow to certain areas."
"A method for forming a dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element,
     and the dual stripe magnetoresistive (DSMR) sensor element formed through
     the method. To practice the method, there is formed upon a substrate a
     first magnetoresistive (MR) layer, where the first magnetoresistive (MR)
     layer has a first sensor region longitudinally magnetically biased in a
     first longitudinal bias direction through a patterned first longitudinal
     magnetic biasing layer. There is then formed a second magnetoresistive
     (MR) layer parallel with and separated from the first magnetoresistive
     (MR) layer by an insulator layer. The second magnetoresistive (MR) layer
     has a second sensor region longitudinally magnetically biased in a second
     longitudinal bias direction through a patterned second longitudinal
     magnetic biasing layer. The first longitudinal bias direction and the
     second longitudinal bias direction are substantially parallel. In
     addition, the first sensor region and the second sensor region are
     physically offset. Finally, the first magnetoresistive (MR) layer is
     electromagnetically biased with a first bias current in a first bias
     current direction and the second magnetoresistive (MR) layer is
     electromagnetically biased with a second bias current in a second bias
     current direction, where the first bias current direction and the second
     bias current direction are substantially parallel."
"A facsimile apparatus comprises a receiving buffer for receiving video
     data, a scanner for reading an image, a VRAM for storing a coded data, a
     single coding/decoding (C/D) IC for MR-coding, MR-to-MMR coding, decoding,
     and error-checking, and a page printer, and a control circuit, when an
     event requiring more than two operations of the C/D IC at the same time,
     the control circuit permits only one operation and force the other
     operations to wait in some condition. In another condition, the control
     circuit permits one of the other operation and force the other operations
     to wait. For example, when the scanner reads an image to produce read data
     and the C/D IC codes the read data to store the read data in the VRAM and
     there is a call, the control means connects the line but keeps the coding
     if the receiving buffer has a space. In the presence of the space the
     control circuit interrupt the coding and starts the decoding. Another
     event requiring operation of C/D IC of the MMR coding from MR coded data
     and operation of MR coding, decoding, or error-checking may be occur.
     Various events requiring combination of operations of the single C/D IC at
     the same time and various adaptable controllings are considered."
"A first magnetoresistive (MR) element of an MR element portion of the MR
     sensor has line patterns of a ferromagnetic thin film, that are arranged
     in parallel to each other, and connecting patterns that connect ends of
     the line patterns. The resistance of the MR element is set only by the
     length of the ferromagnetic thin film, irrespective of formation and
     removal of an Au layer. The connecting patterns, that connect between the
     line patterns of the ferromagnetic thin film, are designed in a
     configuration so as not to be influenced by a magnetic field which may
     cause variation of resistance value of the ferromagnetic thin film of the
     line pattern. The end of the connecting portion pattern is formed into an
     angle configuration having a portion oriented at a 45.degree. angle
     relative to the longitudinal direction of the line pattern. This avoids
     influence of the applied magnetic field. Adjacent to the outermost line
     pattern, an adjacent pattern is arranged. Second to fourth MR elements
     have the same construction. The four MR elements are connected in a form
     of bridge so that a potential difference, depending upon variation of the
     magnetic field, is obtained through a terminal. The connecting pattern can
     be of any configuration so long as influence of the magnetic field can be
     avoided, and thus, an arc-shaped configuration may be used."
"An improved magnetoresistive head design including a front curved sense
     contact, a back curved sense contact and a lip extension forming an
     elliptical sensor region is disclosed. Current flows perpendicularly to
     the contact edges and intersects the MR element's magnetization vector at
     45 degrees. A symmetrical read sensitivity function is the result of
     constant magnetic flux associated with an elliptical sense region."
"Power monitoring circuit 5000 monitors a positive power supply Vcc and a
     negative power supply Vee. If either one or both power supplies fall below
     predetermined respective threshold values, a master reset pulse (MR) is
     generated. When both power supplies are at their normal operating level,
     the logic circuit 5040 generates a signal that enables operation of the
     circuit."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor comprising a layer of ferromagnetic material
     forming an MR sensing element wherein the MR sensor is biased by utilizing
     only the MR stripe uniaxial anisotropy and the shape anisotropy of the
     active region of the sensing element. The active region of the MR element
     has a generally square geometry to provide the desired shape anisotropy.
     The MR sensor is biased at approximately 45 degrees by defining the
     magnetization at the four edges of the sense element active region
     utilizing its shape anisotropy and canting the magnetic easy axis at an
     appropriate angle during fabrication of the MR sensor. To minimize
     Barkhausen noise, a single magnetic domain configuration is achieved by
     reducing the sensor active region dimensions, i.e., stripe height and
     track width, to less than the characteristic domain wall thickness such
     that the formation of multiple magnetic domains is no longer energetically
     favorable. A magnetic biasing material such as a layer of
     antiferromagnetic material to provide exchange coupling, can be provided
     at a pair of opposing edges to maintain the magnetization at the edges in
     the desired orientation and to stabilize the sensor."
"A circuit for detecting contact of a magneto-resistive (MR) head with a
     disk surface by properly sensing disturbance signals without being
     effected by noises using a simple configuration. The circuit for detecting
     contact of the MR head with the disk surface by sensing a disturbance
     waveform generated by MR head contact with the disk surface comprises a
     comparator for comparing a signal read out by MR head with a threshold
     level V.sub.th ; a pulse width limiting circuit for restricting a pulse
     width x, which is wider than the predetermined pulse width x.sub.1, to a
     pulse width x.sub.1 ; and a D flip-flop circuit in which an output signal
     of the comparator being applied to both D terminal and R terminal, and an
     output signal from the pulse width limiting circuit being applied to T
     terminal, and an output signal being obtained from an inverted output
     terminal QC."
"A magnetoresistive device includes a substrate and a magnetic film which is
     formed by alternately stacking magnetic and non-magnetic layers with each
     other on the substrate. The substrate is prepared to have a texture on its
     surface, and the magnetic film is formed on this substrate so that a
     texture is formed along the interface between the magnetic and
     non-magnetic layers. The texture can be an atomic level texture with step
     features dimensioned dependent upon the lattice constant, or may be an
     etched texture of features having desired dimensions in a specified range."
"A magnetoresistive sensor for use in a rotary encoder having a drum having
     a circumference covered with a magnetic track at a predetermined pitch
     includes a plurality of magnetoresistive elements positioned opposite the
     drum and connected in a bridge circuit such that when the drum rotates an
     output signal from the bridge indicates a rotary angle of the drum. The
     magnetoresistive elements include one or more complementary pairs of
     elements positioned 180.degree. out of phase. Each of such pair of
     complementary magnetoresistive elements is connected in one leg of a
     bridge circuit such that jitter effects caused by asymmetric magnetic
     fields and physical differences between sensor elements are cancelled."
"A magnetoresistance having three ferromagnetic layers (10, 20, 30)
     separated by non-magnetic layers (15, 25). The first ferromagnetic layer
     (10) has a magnetization orientable by a measuring current, the second
     layer (20) has a ""free"" magnetization and the third ferromagnetic layer
     (50) has a trapped or fixed magnetization."
"Contrast agents comprising gas-containing or gas-generating polymer
     microparticles and/or microballoons, in which the polymer is a
     biodegradable polymer containing units of formula
(wherein R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 each represent hydrogen or a carbon-attached
     monovalent organic group or together form a carbon-attached divalent
     organic group, and m and n are each independently zero or one) may be used
     in diagnostic applications such as ultrasound and MR imaging."
"The electrical insulation performance between a lower shield layer and a
     main electrode layer is improved in a magnetoresistive head using a
     magnetoresistive element. A lower gap layer made of alumina is formed on
     the surface of the lower shield layer, and an MR element, a longitudinal
     bias layer, and an upper gap layer are formed thereon. In a portion facing
     a magnetic medium, the MR element, the longitudinal bias layer, and the
     gap layers appear between the lower shield layer and the upper shield
     layer, and the gap length GL is determined by the lower gap layer and the
     upper gap layer. In the portion other than the portion facing the magnetic
     medium, the lower gap layer and the upper gap layer are interposed between
     the main electrode layer and the lower shield layer, and the main
     electrode layer is connected to the longitudinal bias layer through the
     upper gap layer. The two gap layers are interposed between the main
     electrode layer and the lower shield layer, and the electrical insulation
     performance between the main electrode layer and the lower shield layer is
     improved."
"An optical tape including an optical recording layer for permitting
     information to be optically recorded thereon and a light-reflective
     magnetic layer; the light-reflective magnetic layer which reflects light
     projected onto the recording layer, also permits magnetic recording or
     magneto-optical recording to be performed thereon, thereby increasing a
     storage capacity of the optical tape remarkably; further, the optical tape
     is provided with a layer to form guiding grooves for tracking control,
     which layer to form guiding grooves is made up of ultraviolet-hardening
     resin, photo-resist, or a photochromic material."
"Contrast agents comprising gas-containing or gas-generating polymer
     microparticles and/or microballoons, in which the polymer is a
     biodegradable polymer containing units of formula
(wherein R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 each represent hydrogen or a carbon-attached
     monovalent organic group or together form a carbon-attached divalent
     organic group, and m and n are each independently zero or one) may be used
     in diagnostic applications such as ultrasound and MR imaging."
"An inductive pinched-gap thin film head (TFH) device having pole-tips which
     are in substantial contact in two areas, thereby precisely defining a
     pinched-gap segment. The substantial contact between the pole-tips
     effectively eliminates all flux lines emanating from the edges and corners
     during the write operation. The write magnetic field is thus precisely
     confined to across the pinched-gap segment. As a result, the written
     medium track width is accurately defined by the width of the pinched-gap
     segment with high degree of magnetization coherency and virtual
     elimination of the track-edge noise. The improved (medium) signal-to-noise
     ratio facilitates substantial increase of the track density.
     Photolithographic definition and etching of the gap-vias to the bottom
     pole-tip, followed by deposition of the top pole-tip, facilitates precise
     and consistent control of the width of the pinched-gap segment (and the
     written track) down to &lt;1 .mu.m. The inductive TFH device may be
     fabricated in tandem with a magnetoresistive (MR) read device, with one of
     the pole-tips of the inductive TFH device being substantially wider than
     the other pole-tip and serving also as a magnetic shield for the read
     element in the MR device."
"A magnetoresistive head having a soft magnetic layer which comprises a
     Co--Fe--Ta amorphous magnetic material and applies a transverse bias
     magnetic field to a magnetoresistive layer. The amorphous magnetic
     material has such properties that the induced anisotropy is readily
     attained in the lateral direction, the rate of magnetoresistance change
     (.DELTA..rho./.rho.) is low, the magnetization stability in the lateral
     direction is enhanced, and Barkhausen noise is decreased. Since tantalum,
     one of the amorphous elements, sets the magnetostriction toward the minus
     side while iron (Fe) sets the magnetostriction toward the plus side, it is
     possible to control the magnetostriction of the soft adjacent layer by
     selecting the iron (Fe) concentration and to prevent the magnetoelastic
     effect from disturbing the magnetization stability in the lateral
     direction."
"A magneto-resistive effect thin-film magnetic head including a magnetic
     layer exhibiting a magneto-resistive effect, the magnetic layer having a
     longitudinal axis and two ends positioned at opposite ends of the
     longitudinal axis, and a flux guide layer of a high magnetic permeability
     soft magnetic material formed at an overlapping one end of the magnetic
     layer, the flux guide layer having two opposite ends longitudinally
     aligned with the longitudinal axis of the magnetic layer. On overlapping
     both ends of the flux guide layer, there are formed separate hard fills
     operating as permanent magnets."
"A magnetoresistive sensor having an improved read sensitivity function
     which remains relatively stable in response to variations in lapping. The
     magnetoresistive sensor includes a magnetoresistive element, a first
     electrical contact and a second electrical contact. During lapping, the
     boundaries between the electrical contacts and the magnetoresistive
     element, and therefore the active region of the magnetoresistive element,
     remain relatively constant in a lateral direction across the
     magnetoresistive sensor. This provides a relatively insensitive read
     sensitivity function within a predetermined lapping tolerance range."
"An inverted magnetoresistive head is disclosed. The inverted
     magnetoresistive head includes a reader positioned on top of a writer. The
     writer includes a bottom pole, a polymer insulator, a write gap, a pole
     tip and a top pole. The reader includes a bottom shield, a first reader
     gap, a magnetoresistive element, electrical contacts, a second reader gap
     and a shield."
"An exchange-biased magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer in which the MR
     layer composition is changed at the interface with an antiferromagnetic
     layer, which is in direct contact with the ferromagnetic MR layer. The
     exchange-bias field strength H.sub.UA in the MR layer is increased at room
     temperature by adding a specially-optimized transition region in the
     ferromagnetic MR layer at the interface. The percentage of iron in the
     ferromagnetic alloy varies from a higher value at the interface to a lower
     value at the opposite end of the transition region. The higher iron ratio
     at the antiferromagnetic interface enhances the exchange-bias field
     H.sub.UA and the lower iron ratio throughout the bulk of the ferromagnetic
     MR layer maintains the lower coercivity preferred in the layer, thereby
     enhancing the longitudinal bias field with respect to the MR coercivity.
     Advantageously, the enhanced longitudinal bias effect of the special
     ferromagnetic transition region does not reduce the critical temperature
     T.sub.cr at which the temperature-dependent exchange-bias field H.sub.UA
     (T) approaches zero."
"A thin film magnetic head made of material having the magneto-resistance
     (MR) effect and its manufacturing method are provided. A lower shield
     layer for magnetically shielding an MR film is formed with a trench of a
     gull-wing shape having a flat bottom surface and opposite slanted surfaces
     formed on both sides of the bottom surface. The MR film is formed on the
     lower shield layer conformal to the gull-wing shape. The region of the MR
     film on the flat bottom surface forms an effective magnetic active region.
     A track center shift and the generation of a side-lobe in the off-track
     characteristic specific to an MR head can be suppressed and high density
     recording and reproducing of narrow tracks are possible."
"A magnetic disc apparatus is disclosed, in which a magneto-resistance
     effect film converts a magnetic signal into an electrical signal by use of
     the magneto-resistance effect, a pair of electrodes supplies a signal
     detection current to the magneto-resistance effect film, and a magnetic
     domain control layer controls the magnetic domain of the
     magneto-resistance effect film. The magneto-resistance effect film, the
     electrodes and the magnetic domain control layer constitute a magnetic
     head of magneto-resistance effect type. An isolation film is formed in a
     magneto-sensitive portion of the magneto-resistance effect film between
     the magneto-resistance effect film and the magnetic domain control layer
     to break the magnetic coupling between the magneto-resistance effect film
     and the magnetic domain control layer."
"An exchange-biased magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer in which the MR
     layer composition is changed at the interface with an antiferromagnetic
     layer, which is in direct contact with the ferromagnetic MR layer. The
     exchange-bias field strength H.sub.UA in the MR layer is increased at room
     temperature by adding a specially-optimized transition region in the
     ferromagnetic MR layer at the interface. The percentage of iron in the
     ferromagnetic alloy varies from a higher value at the interface to a lower
     value at the opposite end of the transition region. The higher iron ratio
     at the antiferromagnetic interface enhances the exchange-bias field
     H.sub.UA and the lower iron ratio throughout the bulk of the ferromagnetic
     MR layer maintains the lower coercivity preferred in the layer, thereby
     enhancing the longitudinal bias field with respect to the MR coercivity.
     Advantageously, the enhanced longitudinal bias effect of the special
     ferromagnetic transition region does not reduce the critical temperature
     T.sub.cr at which the temperature-dependent exchange-bias field H.sub.UA
     (T) approaches zero."
"A magnetoresistive sensor may include a layer system having at least one
     measuring layer exhibiting a magnetization in the plane of the layer. The
     magnetization depends inversely in at least one direction of an applied
     magnetic field. The layer system also includes at least one bias layer
     having a fixed magnetization in the plane of the layer. The at least one
     measuring layer and the at least one bias layer are exchange-decoupled
     from one another by an interlayer. In order to achieve magnetostatic
     decoupling of the measuring layer and the bias layer, the measuring layer
     is shorter than the bias layer at least in a direction parallel to the
     fixed magnetization. The ground state magnetization of the measuring layer
     and the magnetization of the bias layer are preferably at least
     approximately orthogonal to each other. In this manner, a magnetoresistive
     sensor is obtained which has a linear characteristic and maximum
     sensitivity."
"A rotation sensor for high accuracy angle applications such as internal
     combustion engine crankshaft position sensing includes a pair of
     complementary target wheels and a dual-element magnetoresistive sensor.
     The target wheels are spaced from one another along the rotational axis by
     a predetermined distance. The individual magnetoresistive elements are
     similarly spaced one from the other and are influence by the ferrite
     effects of the target wheels. The spacing of the target wheels and
     magnetoresistive elements are selected in relation to one another and in
     relation to the mount of axial play in the crankshaft such that changes in
     ferrite effects of the target wheels upon the elements due to axial
     displacements of the crankshaft have minimal effect on the accuracy of the
     sensing apparatus."
"A preprogrammed controller, preferably a stored program computer such as an
     IBM PC computer, is programmed to automatically control all the steps in
     the testing of a MR reproduce head. First, the magnitude of the sense
     current is established by command of the controller, and a voltage
     proportional to the sense current flowing in the head is monitored by the
     controller. An electromagnet, having high permeability pole pieces, and
     whose current is programmed by the controller provides a the magnetic
     field for exciting the MR head. The MR device is placed on an measured
     magnetic equipotential of the field of the electromagnet, and a Hall
     sensor magnetic detector is placed on the same magnetic equipotential line
     but in a different physical position from the MR device. The output of the
     Hall sensor is fed into the preamplifier electronics, digitized by a
     converter and this digital output is stored in the controller memory for
     future processing. Preamplifier electronics are also fed from the voltage
     output of the MR head, and the controller initiates a series of voltage
     measurements which are digitized and stored in the controller memory. By
     controlling the current to the electromagnet driver, the test field at the
     MR element is swept from a minimum field value to a maximum field value
     and back again, while correlated voltage data from the head is acquired."
"A stack of two refractory nitride layers and a magnetoresistive layer are
     used to facilitate electrical connection between components of a sensor.
     The stack of tantalum nitride and nickel iron layers are disposed over a
     silicide layer that is, in turn, disposed on a diffusion of conductive
     material within the body of a silicon layer. A titanium tungsten layer is
     disposed on the stack and below a subsequent layer of a conductive metal
     such as aluminum. A silicon nitride passivation layer is disposed over all
     of the other layers."
"A self-biasing magnetoresistive (MR) spin valve sensor is provided which
     does not require an antiferromagnetic layer for orienting magnetizations.
     A non-magnetic electrically-conducting spacer layer is sandwiched between
     ferromagnetic free and pinned layers. First and second leads are connected
     to the spin valve sensor for conducting a sense current therethrough.
     Because of a magnetic coupling between the free and pinned layers, there
     are ferromagnetic coupling fields H.sub.FC in the free and pinned layers
     which are parallel with respect to one another and are directed in a first
     direction when the sense current is conducted. When the sense current is
     conducted there is also a stray demagnetization field H.sub.DEMAG which is
     induced into the free layer from the pinned layer. A first flux guide is
     magnetically coupled to first edges of the layers at the ABS and a second
     flux guide is magnetically coupled to second edges of the free layer
     recessed from the ABS so that the effect of the demagnetization field
     H.sub.DEMAG on the free layer is at least minimized and preferably zero.
     The sense current is directed through the spin valve sensor so that the
     sense current field from the pinned layer balances the ferromagnetic
     coupling on the free layer and the sense current field from the free layer
     adds to the ferromagnetic coupling on the pinned layer. Accordingly, the
     magnetic moment of the free layer is free to rotate as influenced by field
     signals from the rotating magnetic disk and the magnetic moment of the
     pinned layer is pinned in a pre-selected direction perpendicular to the
     ABS."
"A method of producing a magnetoresistive read transducer with improved
     longitudinal bias due to high exchange coupling is disclosed. A layer of
     antiferromagnetic material is sputtered deposited onto a layer of
     ferromagnetic material in the absence of a magnetic field and at a power
     density below 0.7 W/cm.sup.2. The layers of ferromagnetic material and
     antiferromagnetic material are annealed at a low temperature of between
     200.degree. C. and 250.degree. C. for between 6 and 26 hours."
"A magnetic storage system in which a magnetoresistive (MR) transducer
     utilizes a high coercivity magnetic material to produce a bias field for
     achieving higher signal output with low currents for narrow track width
     applications. Strips of high coercivity magnetic material contiguously
     contact opposite track-overlying edges of an MR layer. Each strip has a
     horizontal component of magnetization times its thickness that is at least
     equal to a horizontal component of magnetization of the MR layer times its
     thickness before the MR layer is biased by the strips, and each strip has
     its magnetization direction canted at an angle .phi. from its horizontal
     component. The MR layer is asymmetrically positioned between spaced
     magnetic shields and the MR layer is separated by a conductive nonmagnetic
     spacer layer from a shunt layer. Alternatively, the shunt layer is
     replaced by a reduced thickness soft film layer and the MR layer is
     centered between the shields and the strips also contiguously contact
     track overlying edges of the soft film layer."
"In a disk drive, the tendency of a flying head to physically engage a
     constant-speed data recording disk when the drive is operated at an
     altitude higher than the altitude at which the drive was manufactured is
     tested by. During manufacture of the drive, the constant disk speed is
     reduced to a lower speed that is a function of a mathematical relationship
     between the manufacturing altitude to the higher altitude. The invention
     then determines if the head in fact physically engages the disk at this
     lower speed. In an embodiment, this lower speed is calculated as a
     function of the ratio of the manufacturing altitude to the higher
     altitude. An embodiment of the invention provides a rotatable rigid
     magnetic recording disk and a magneto-resistive (MR) head that is
     generally stationary relative to the rotating disk."
"The magnetic states of MR reproducing heads are reinitialized during media
     drive manufacturing by applying initializing magnetic fields to the
     transducers after they have been manufactured and incorporated into media
     drive assemblies."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer having passive end regions
     separated by a central active region in which an MR layer is formed over
     substantially only the central active region and in which a magnetic bias
     layers is formed in each passive end region. Each of the magnetic bias
     layers includes a layer of ferromagnetic material and a layer of
     antiferromagnetic material overlaying and in contact with the
     ferromagnetic layer to provide an exchange-coupled magnetic bias field.
     Each of the magnetic bias layers form an abutting junction having magnetic
     and electrically continuity with the MR layer to produce a longitudinal
     magnetic bias field in the transducer."
"An amplification device is provided for driving a gradient coil in an MR
     system, wherein the gradient coil is required to generate a rapidly
     changing gradient magnetic field during a first time period, and a
     substantially constant field during an immediately following second time
     period. The device includes a adjustable bus, for providing first and
     second voltage levels, and a switching or PWM amplifier. A switch is
     coupled between the bus and the switching amplifier for applying the first
     voltage to the amplifier during the first time period, and the second
     voltage to the amplifier during the second time period. The switching
     amplifier comprises an inverter for generating a PWM voltage in response
     to its input, and an LC filter for converting the PWM wave into a DC
     voltage. The switching amplifier generates a substantially higher coil
     driving voltage during the first period, in response to the first voltage
     level, than during the second period in response to the second voltage
     level. The switching amplifier may have a substantially higher frequency
     of operation during the second period than during the first period, so
     that the LC filter is much more effective in removing a distorting ripple
     component during such second time period, when the gradient coil is being
     used to acquire MR data."
"The present invention relates to a magnetic signal detection apparatus
     utilizing a ferromagnetic thin film magneto-resistive element which
     produces a maximum output of high linearity with an optimum direction of
     magnetization of the thin film magneto-resistive element by a small
     biasing magnetic field. A biasing magnetic field Hb is applied at an angle
     of approximately 56.degree. to a direction of a current I along a
     longitudinal direction of a thin film magneto-resistive element (2) on a
     substrate (1) to make a direction of magnetization M to approximately
     45.degree. to attain a highly linear output between power supply terminals
     (4, 5)."
"A ferromagnetic film made of an alloy of FeMQC-R, wherein M is at least one
     element selected from Hf, Zr, Ta, Nb, W, Ti, Mo and V; Q is at least one
     element selected from Cr, Rh and Ru; and R is at least one rare earth
     element such as Sm, Nd, etc., is low in magneto-striction, high in
     saturation magnetic flux density, good in soft magnetic properties and
     excellent in corrosion resistance, and suitable for producing a magnetic
     head having a high and stable reproducing output for a long period of
     time."
"A system for quantitative computer graphic determination of positions on a
     patient's anatomy and positions on associated equipment located near the
     patient's anatomy in relation to anatomical data, as from CT or MR
     scanning. A first camera produces a quantitative electronic readout of its
     field-of-view which provides a determination of relative spacial
     coordinates of uniquely identifiable points in its field-of-view. A second
     camera produces a quantitative electronic readout of its field-of-view
     which provides a determination of relative spacial coordinates of uniquely
     identifiable points in its field-of-view. The two cameras are located with
     respect to the patient's anatomy and the associated equipment so that the
     fields-of-view of the cameras include both the patient's anatomy and the
     equipment, but are taken from different directions. A body marker is
     positioned with respect to the patient's anatomy at a known position
     relative to said patient anatomy. The body marker has known coordinates in
     a stereotactic coordinate system that is established relative to the
     patient's anatomy so that the coordinates of all identifiable points in
     the fields of view of the two cameras can be determined relative to the
     stereotactic coordinate system and related to imaging data."
"A magnetoresistive head used for reading information signals from a
     magnetic recording medium using a spin valve magnetoresistance effect,
     comprises a first ferromagnetic layer and a second ferromagnetic layer
     both are separated by a first nonmagnetic metal layer, a hard magnetic
     layer formed so as to contact to the second ferromagnetic layer, and a
     third ferromagnetic layer formed on the hard magnetic layer via a second
     nonmagnetic metal layer for shutting off exchange coupling and coupled to
     the second ferromagnetic layer and the hard magnetic layer by static
     magnetic combination."
"A magneto-resistance effect magnetic head in which the MR effects of the
     two MR thin films of a MR device are balanced for suppressing Barkhausen
     noise and assuring a stabilized output. Between a lower-layer magnetic
     shield core and an upper layer magnetic shield core is arranged an MR
     device, made up of two MR thin films such that a distance d.sub.1 between
     the lower-layer magnetic shield core and the MR thin film is smaller than
     a distance d.sub.2 between the upper-layer magnetic shield core and the MR
     thin film. A film thickness t.sub.1 of the MR thin film towards the
     lower-layer magnetic shield core is set so as to be thinner than a film
     thickness t.sub.2 of the MR thin film towards the upper-layer magnetic
     shield core. Preferably, the relation 0.5&lt;t.sub.1 /t.sub.2 holds. Also, a
     resistivity .rho..sub.1 of the MR thin film closer to the lower layer
     magnetic shield core may be larger than a resistivity .rho..sub.2 of the
     MR thin film. Preferably, the relation .rho..sub.1 /.rho..sub.2 &gt;3 holds."
"A method and apparatus is disclosed for recovering data with unstable low
     amplitude magnetorestrictive heads. After an error in data recovery is
     detected a technique is invoked that changes the bias current through the
     magnetoresistive head to the reverse direction in a predetermined manner.
     The method includes reversing the bias current direction, returning the
     bias current to its normal state and reading the data from the storage
     medium. Alternatively, the method includes reversing the bias current
     direction and reading the data when the bias current direction is
     reversed."
"A magnetic multilayer film having magnetoresistance (MR) is prepared by
     alternately depositing first and second magnetic layers while interposing
     a non-magnetic metal layer therebetween. The number of the first magnetic
     layers N1 and the number of the second magnetic layers N2 having greater
     coercivity than the first magnetic layers are in the range:
     2.ltoreq.N1.ltoreq.4 and N2=N1-1. The first magnetic layer has a thickness
     t1 of 10-80 .ANG., second magnetic layer has a thickness t2 of 20-90
     .ANG., and non-magnetic metal layer has a thickness t3 of 20-90 .ANG.. The
     magnetic multilayer film comprising a less number of layers has a great MR
     ratio, a linear rise of an MR curve in proximity to zero magnetic field,
     and high sensitivity to a magnetic field. It also has a greater MR slope
     upon application of a high frequency magnetic field in proximity to zero
     magnetic field and withstands high temperatures. The magnetic multilayer
     film is used as a magneto-sensitive section to provide high performance MR
     devices."
"A random access memory element utilizes giant magnetoresistance. The
     element includes at least one pair of ferromagnetic layers sandwiching a
     nonmagnetic conductive layer. At least one of the two ferromagnetic layers
     has a magnetic moment oriented within its own plane. The magnetic moment
     of at least the first ferromagnetic layer of the pair has its magnetic
     moment oriented within its own plane and is typically fixed in direction
     during use. The second ferromagnetic layer of the pair has a magnetic
     moment which has at least two preferred directions of orientation. These
     preferred directions of orientation may or may not reside within the plane
     of the second ferromagnetic layer. The bit of the memory element may be
     set by applying to the element a magnetic field which orients the magnetic
     moment of the second ferromagnetic layer in one or the other of these
     preferred orientations. Once the bit is set, the value of the determined
     by the relative alignment of the magnetic moments of the first and second
     ferromagnetic layers. This value may be read by applying an interrogating
     current across the memory element, perpendicular to the plane within which
     the magnetic moment of the first ferromagnetic layer is oriented, and
     observing the variation in resistance. These ferromagnetic elements may be
     fabricated using conventional photolithography. Groups of these
     ferromagnetic element may be organized into word trees and other arrays."
"In an artificial superlattice magnetoresistance effect element in which two
     or more of magnetic thin film layers having different coercive forces are
     stacked with intervening of a non-magnetic film layer and resistance
     changes depending on directions of magnetization in adjacent magnetic thin
     film layers by utilizing differences in the coercive forces, an anisotropy
     magnetic field Hk is increased by reducing a thickness of a soft magnetic
     layer, anisotropy in the magnetic thin film layer is obtained by forming
     the magnetic thin film layer in a magnetic field to thus increase the Hk,
     a material having large Hk is used as a soft magnetic material for the
     soft magnetic layer, and further the anisotropy is obtained by reducing a
     pattern width into 1-30 .mu.m to thus increase the Hk, whereby the
     resistance change is achieved in the neighborhood of a zero magnetic field
     and thus no bias mechanism is required."
"A method for forming a re-entrant photoresist lift-off profile for thin
     film device processing of particular utility in conjunction with
     self-aligned sputtered films, such as permanent magnet (""PM"") films, for
     use in magnetoresistive (""MR"") read heads as well as a device made
     thereby. Photoresist is patterned in a conventional manner upon the thin
     film layers overlying a suitable substrate and the photoresist is then
     exposed to a suitable developer resulting in photoresist regions having
     substantially vertical sidewalls. An electron beam, or other suitable
     energy source, is then utilized to cross-link (or render relatively
     insoluble) the upper portion of the positive tone resist image by
     accelerating a sufficient dose of electrons into the photoresist to a well
     controlled depth. A second electron beam is then distributed throughout
     the entire photoresist thickness to render the lower portion of it
     relatively more soluble in a developer. The resist is then developed for a
     predetermined time to achieve an undercut in the lower portion of the
     photoresist."
"An MRS or MRI scan is performed by interleaving pulse sequences which
     acquire MR spectra or images from different locations in a subject.
     Parameters for the pulse sequence used to acquire MR data at each location
     are dynamically changed during the scan to optimize the MR measurements."
"A magnetic transducer employing giant magnetoresistance (GMR) has
     alternating ferromagnetic layers and spacer layers, the spacer layers
     having either different material compositions or different thicknesses
     across their widths to produce variations in the coupling between adjacent
     ferromagnetic layers across their widths. Longitudinal stabilization of
     the multi-layer GMR sensor is achieved by the use of exchange coupling
     layers on the top and/or bottom of the sensor edge-track regions."
"For preventing output drop with time of a MR magnetic head or similar
     apparatus, a magnetic field sensor in the form of a giant magnetoresistive
     element of the induced ferrimagnetic or spin-valve type in which
     antiparallelism of magnetization is induced between the magnetic layers by
     external magnetization. A magnetic field detecting apparatus including a
     magnetic field sensor using a giant magnetoresistive multilayer film of
     the induced ferrimagnetic type or the like includes a magnetic field
     generating means such as a permanent magnet. The magnetic field sensor is
     moved to the proximity of the magnetic field generating means and placed
     within the magnetic field when the magnetic field sensor is out of use or
     its detection sensitivity drops."
"A plurality of substantially interference-free radar systems, each
     comprising: means for generating pseudorandom waveforms for sequential
     transmission by radar; and a radar transmitting and receiving phased array
     antenna having a horizontal beamangle of a few milli-radians (mR), and a
     vertical beamangle of about 25 mR."
"A magnetoresistance-effect element includes a substrate, and a
     magnetoresistance-effect film disposed on the substrate. The
     magnetoresistance-effect film includes an alloy film containing
     ferromagnetic metal atoms and non-magnetic metal atoms, which have the
     property relative to each other that they are mutually insoluble in both
     solid and liquid phases. The magnetoresistance-effect film further
     includes at least three soft magnetic films arranged as discontinuous
     areas in contact with the alloy film and magnetically coupled therewith
     for reducing an operating magnetic field strength of the element."
"According to the present grinding method, a plurality of optical markers
     are formed by photolithography such that the markers are embedded in a
     chiplet having a magnetic head. Markers are preferably in the shape of a
     bar having predetermined height, width and length and are spaced from each
     other by a predetermined distance where one end of the bars are
     sequentially offset from each other by a predetermined amount. During
     coarse grinding of the magnetic head as the magnetic head surface material
     is ground away, the end-face of the bars, one at a time, become visible.
     The closer the grinding surface approaches the desired inductive throat or
     MR element height, more end-faces become visible. Coarse grinding
     continues until a predetermined number of end-faces become visible at
     which point the grinding process is terminated and the magnetic head is
     ready for the final lapping process."
"A magnetoresistive (""MR"") sensor constructed with a concave shaped edge in
     order to provide an effective longitudinal bias field in the center of the
     active MR element sufficient to obviate multi-domain states and
     concomitant Barkhausen noise. Utilizing the concave shape proposed herein,
     the ""stripe height"" of the element is at a minimum in the center of the
     active region and increases toward the off-track boundary. In a preferred
     embodiment, a substantially constant effective longitudinal bias field may
     be obtained throughout the active MR element if the stripe height
     increases as an exponential function of the square of the off-track
     distance. The principles of the present invention are likewise applicable
     to use in spin valve (""SV"") and other giant magnetoresistive (""GMR"")
     sensors."
"A tachometer for monitoring the rotation of an output shaft (e.g. of a
     motor, where the motor is enclosed within a standard NEMA housing),
     includes an enclosure (e.g. adapted to be secured to an end plate of the
     motor housing), the enclosure having a radial center and a longitudinal
     axis which, when the enclosure is secured to the housing, are aligned with
     a longitudinal axis of the output shaft. The enclosure has at least one
     mounting surface in a peripheral wall portion thereof, the mounting
     surface having an aperture formed therein which opens in a radial
     direction. A sensor module including a pair of axially aligned
     magneto-resistive sensors is mountable on the mounting surface of the
     enclosure such that the module protrudes through the aperture with the
     sensors facing radially inwardly. An annular drum having a pair of
     magnetic patterns arranged on a peripheral end surface thereof is
     operatively fixed on the motor output shaft via a hub member such that the
     magnetic patterns on the drum are automatically aligned with the sensors
     and radially spaced therefrom by a predetermined radial gap when the drum
     is fixed to the output shaft and the enclosure is mounted on the end plate
     in an operatively assembled relationship."
"Carborane substituted porphyrin compounds complexed with a metal or
     transition metal have a variety of therapeutic uses. These compounds have
     been found, for example, selectively to inhibit viral aspartyl proteases.
     The transition metal complexes are useful both therapeutically in BNCT
     (boron neutron capture therapy) as well as for MR contrast enhancement.
     Particularly preferred compounds in accordance with the invention use the
     dipotassium salt of 2,4-bis-[.alpha.,.beta.-(1,2-dicarbaclosododecaborane
     carboxy)ethyl]deuteroporphyrin, which is complexed with a metal or a
     transition metal. These compounds are well solubilized in water, and are
     suitable for oral administration."
"A method of making a thin film orthogonal MR head is provided which
     includes a single MR stripe, a first lead layer which has first and second
     ends and a second lead layer which has first and second ends, the first
     end of the first lead layer being connected to the bottom portion of the
     MR stripe and the first end of the second lead layer being connected to a
     top portion of the MR stripe. First and second terminals are provided, the
     second end of the first layer being connected to the first terminal and
     the second end of the second lead layer being connected to the second
     terminal. The second lead layer extends across the MR stripe between the
     top and bottom portions of the MR stripe so as to induce a magnetic bias
     field into the MR stripe when a sense current is conducted through the MR
     stripe via the first and second terminals. Only the first and second
     terminals are employed for providing sense current for the MR stripe and
     transverse biasing of the MR stripe. The first lead is substantially
     planar across a bottom portion of the MR stripe so that a well formed
     second pole tip of a write head portion can be constructed."
"This invention provides a magnetic recording medium having a magnetic thin
     film made of magnetic metal grains and a nonmagnetic matrix, wherein the
     hardness of the nonmagnetic matrix is larger than that of the magnetic
     metal grains, the magnetic metal grains have shape magnetic anisotropy and
     magneto-crystalline anisotropy, and in the nonmagnetic matrix the content
     of a magnetic metal element in a central portion between the magnetic
     metal grains is 20 atomic % or less. This invention also provides a
     magnetic recording/reproduction apparatus including a magnetic recording
     medium consisting of a nonmagnetic matrix, which is continuously present
     in the direction of film thickness and the in-plane direction of a
     magnetic thin film, and magnetic metal grains held in the nonmagnetic
     matrix, and a magnetic head for reproducing a signal from the magnetic
     recording medium by using a resistance change caused by a magnetic field."
"A magnetic recording medium having a high coercivity and a high S/N ratio
     for high-density operation can include either a conductive or a
     nonconductive substrate. If the substrate is nonconductive, a conducting
     precoat layer is formed over the substrate. Further, an underlayer may be
     provided, over which a magnetic layer is formed by a bias sputtering
     method. The bias sputtering method may use Kr, Xe or Rn as a sputter gas,
     and employs a negative bias voltage. The magnetic recording medium has a
     product of remanent magnetization and magnetic layer thickness of 10-150
     G.multidot..mu.m and a coercivity of 1600-4000 Oe. In combination with
     this magnetic recording medium, a large-capacity magnetic recording system
     has a write head that uses a magnetic material having a saturation
     magnetic flux density of more than 1.2 T in at least a part of the
     magnetic core; a read head utilizing the giant magnetoresistance effect; a
     signal processing circuit that utilizes maximum likelihood decoding; and
     circuits that correct for asymmetry of the reproduced signals from the
     magnetoresistive head. In addition, the flying height of the magnetic head
     slider is set to less than 0.05 .mu.m."
"Sensors based on the giant magnetoresistance effect, specifically ""spin
     valve"" (SV) magnetoresistive sensors, have applications as external
     magnetic field sensors and as read heads in magnetic recording systems,
     such as rigid disk drives. These sensors have a ferromagnetic layer whose
     magnetization orientation is fixed or pinned by being exchange coupled to
     an antiferromagnetic layer. The magnetization of the pinned layer will
     become misaligned and the sensor will experience an abnormal response to
     the field being sensed, i.e., the external magnetic field or the recorded
     data in the magnetic media, if an adverse event elevates the
     antiferromagnetic layer above its blocking temperature. A pinned layer
     mangetization reset system is incorporated into systems that use SV
     sensors. The reset system generates an electrical current waveform that is
     directed through the SV sensor with an initial current value sufficient to
     heat the antiferromagnetic layer above its blocking temperature, and a
     subsequent lower current value to generate a magnetic field around the
     pinned layer sufficient to properly orient the magnetization of the pinned
     layer while the antiferromagnetic layer is cooling below its blocking
     temperature. This process resets the magnetization of the pinned layer to
     its preferred orientation and returns the SV sensor response substantially
     back to its desired state."
"A device for determining the angular position of an object uses an MR
     sensor which is set up in a magnetic field, where one magnetic field
     component (H or H.sub.g) and a reference axis of the MR sensor can rotate
     relative to one another in a plane of rotation through an angle of
     rotation (.THETA. or .phi.) which has an unambiguous correlation to the
     angular position of the object; and the electric resistance of the MR
     sensor is an unambiguous function of this angle of rotation (.THETA. or
     .phi.). The MR sensor is designed with a giant MR layer system that
     contains at least one measurement layer with magnetization (M.sub.M) that
     can be rotated through the magnetic field (H or H.sub.g); the giant MR
     layer system also contains at least one biasing layer with a constant
     magnetization (M.sub.B); and the resistance of the giant MR layer system
     is a function of the angle (.alpha.) between these two magnetizations
     (M.sub.m and M.sub.B)."
"A magneto-resistance effect type magnetic head having high output can be
     obtained as a reproduction head for a rotating drum type VTR by only
     providing a conventional rotary transformer with a rotor and a stator for
     supplying a bias current without a need for a special mechanism for
     transmitting a direct current. There is provided a magneto-resistance
     effect type magnetic head device to be mounted on a rotating drum having a
     bias conductor and a sense conductor, including a rotary transformer
     connected to the bias and sense conductors wherein an alternating current
     having a frequency lower than the frequency of a recording signal is
     applied to at least one of stator channels facing rotor channels of the
     rotary transformer. A current is applied to at least either the bias
     conductor or sense conductor at the stator side of the rotary transformer
     to produce a non-direct current at a terminal on the rotor side of the
     rotary transformer connected to the magneto-resistance effect type
     magnetic head only in a time zone when the magneto-resistance effect type
     magnetic head is not required to reproduce the recording signal and to
     produce a direct current at a terminal on the rotor side in a time zone
     when the recording signal must be reproduced."
"A spin-valve read head of the giant magnetoresistive type in a data storage
     system has at least one magnetic thin film layer comprising a plurality of
     magnetic thinner film layers of ferromagnetic material with the same
     crystal plane orientation from one magnetic thinner film to another, and
     an interface between adjacent magnetic thinner films having a
     discontinuity in single-crystal epitaxial growth. Each magnetic thinner
     film layer is composed of an alloy including each of Fe, Ni and Co and has
     a weight ratio of Co:Fe equal to 90:10. The crystal has a crystal
     structure that is face centered cubic and a crystal plane orientation
     (111) that is highly ordered. The interfaces may be layers of Ni or Cu.
     The layers all exhibit a condition of magnetic orientation and annealed
     structure resulting from being annealed and cooled in a magnetic field
     sufficiently to have an anisotropic energy of the first magnetic thin film
     layer in an equilibrium state that is smaller than an identical structure
     before annealing."
"A magnetic layer 16 adopts the shape of an insulating ridge 14 and a
     multilayer magnetoresistor (MR) functions in a longitudinal mode and
     underlies the magnetic layer. The device is used for magnetic recording
     and can be a read-only head or a read-write head."
"A magnetoresistive transducer is formed with a trilayer structure including
     a soft adjacent magnetic layer (SAL), a spacer layer and a
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element. The SAL and part of the spacer layer
     extend continuously across the transducer structure. The MR sensor element
     has end portions that partially abut hard permanent magnetic (PM) films
     and partially abut conductive leads formed over the PM films. The
     transducer structure minimizes the problem of electrical shorting and
     achieves significant improvements in magnetic performance of the active MR
     region and signal readout."
"In a thin film magnetic head comprising a magnetoresistive sensing element
     (MRE) located inwardly from the head face, a first section of a broken
     flux guide extending inwardly from the head face to overlie one peripheral
     edge portion of the MRE, and a second section overlying an opposite
     peripheral edge portion of the MRE, the space overlying the MRE between
     the flux guide sections is filled with a poller such as a photoresist,
     providing a smooth surface for a test/bias conductor, reducing shorts due
     to inadequate step coverage, and providing mechanical stress relief,
     leading to improved stability of the MRE."
"A magnetic sensor for use in a reading head for a magnetic disk is formed
     by depositing a plurality of planar superimposed layers of metals and
     semiconductors and using for the active element a planar structure formed
     orthogonal to the superimposed layers by their edges. Specifically, the
     edges of the superimposed layer form on the orthogonal planar surface a
     Corbino-disk structure in which conductive regions form inner and outer
     electrodes about an annular semiconductive region with high
     magnetoresistance, such as is provided by cadmium mercury telluride or
     indium antimonide."
"An electronic compass is described for use in vehicles. The compass employs
     a magnetoresistive sensor for sensing the earth magnetic field and the
     sensor is operated in alternate set/reset bias modes. In a first
     embodiment, the compass is provided with deviation compensation by a
     closed loop system including measurement of the sensor output signals and
     an offset current strap for nullifying the vehicle deviation field. In a
     second embodiment, deviation compensation is provided by operation in an
     initial calibration mode and by operation in a normal calibration mode to
     adjust compensation, as needed, on a long term basis during normal
     operation of the compass. In the initial calibration mode, while the
     vehicle is being driven, the signal peak values are adjusted to a nominal
     earth field level by changing the offset current. Then, compensating
     signal reference values for each axis are determined as each peak for that
     axis is determined. The system automatically exits the initial calibration
     mode when certain criteria have been met. In the normal compensation mode,
     the signal reference value for each axis is adjusted at least once during
     the time interval between turn-on and turn-off of the vehicle ignition
     switch."
"A magnetically permeable ""cap"" is deposited across the top face (the bottom
     face being the face at the head-medium interface), or on the end faces, or
     on both the top and the end faces of a DMR reproduce head. The top cap
     serves as a magnetic keeper which provides flux closure between the two MR
     elements of the DMR when they are transversely magnetized anti-parallel to
     each other. By means of a magnetic cap of only moderate effective
     permeability, the current density required to optimally bias a DMR head is
     reduced by a factor of from 3 to 4. The presence of the top cap layer also
     provides an increase in the intrinsic sensitivity (independent of the bias
     level) of the DMR by a factor of 2. Further, when the head is fully biased
     to also include longitudinal biasing of the MR elements, the caps at the
     longitudinal ends of the MR stripes magnetically stabilize the fully
     antisymmetric bias configuration providing optimal performance for a DMR
     head. The end caps also provide for establishing the necessary electrical
     conductive path between the two MR elements of the DMR. In an additional
     embodiment, an electrically insulating layer between the magnetically
     permeable layer and the MR elements breaks any exchange coupling between
     the magnetically permeable layer and the MR elements."
"An assembly comprises a magnetoresistive element (16), a thermally
     conductive member or magnetic film (18, 26), and a film of thermally
     conductive, high electrical resistivity amorphous diamond-like carbon (14,
     22) sandwiched between the magnetoresistive element and the thermally
     conductive member. In an MR head (12), at least one of the half-gaps of
     the MR head is fabricated of the amorphous diamond-like carbon film to
     dissipate heat from the MR element to the thermally conductive magnetic
     film(s) and shield the MR element from the magnetic film(s)."
"An MR head receives ESD protection from a mechanism that automatically and
     releasably shorts the MR head whenever a suspension assembly on which the
     head is mounted is not installed in an HDA. The suspension assembly
     includes a flexure underlying a load beam, which is connected to an
     actuator arm. The MR head is mounted to a distal end of the flexure, leads
     from components of the MR head being brought out in the form of MR wire
     leads running along the load beam and the support arm to a nearby terminal
     connecting side tab. The conductors are separated and exposed at a
     designated point along the flexure to provide a contact region. A shorting
     bar, which comprises an electrically conductive member attached to the
     actuator arm, automatically connects the MR wire leads at the contact
     region when absence of support for the MR head permits the load beam to
     bend sufficiently toward the shorting bar. Thus, when the assembly is
     removed from installation in an HDA, the flexure is permitted to move
     toward the shorting bar, bringing the contact region and the shorting bar
     in electrical contact to short the MR wired leads and thereby disable the
     MR sensor. When the assembly is installed in an HDA, the MR head is
     supported by an air bearing or the disk itself, depending upon whether the
     disk is rotating or stopped, respectively. In either case, the load beam
     is not permitted to droop and the shorting bar cannot contact the
     conductors, thus activating the MR sensor. Temporary ESD protection
     mechanisms are also provided, these being removable prior to operation of
     the HDA by breaking and removing various temporary shorting mechanisms."
"An MRI apparatus and method useful for both industrial applications and
     medical applications is provided. The apparatus and procedures are capable
     of estimating the value of a continuous property, such as concentration,
     viscosity or the like by interpolating or extrapolating from a model
     derived from training sets of data representing measurements of samples
     with known properties. A number of techniques are provided for
     objectifying the analysis. Cluster analysis techniques can be used to
     supplement, assist or replace subjective judgments by trained operators.
     Calculations or judgments regarding similarity can be made with respect to
     stored libraries of signatures, particularly where the library of stored
     signatures is obtained objectively, e.g., using cluster analysis,
     standardization and calibration. The signatures can be expanded signatures
     which include non-MR as well as MR data. Inhomogeneities in the field of a
     particular MR device can be corrected for based on measurements of a
     calibration standard having a homogeneous make up. MR measurements taken
     through different planes of a body or different times can be standardized
     by including, in at least some of the fields of view, a calibration
     standard which has a known MR signature."
"A magnetic assembly for detection and authentication of magnetic documents.
     The magnetic assembly includes a permanent magnet (PM), first and second
     magnetically soft high permeability pole pieces shaped to form a tapered,
     variable gap size magnetic circuit with the permanent magnet. The PM is
     located at a first gap between the first and second pole pieces. A
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensing element is located at or near the center of
     a second gap between said first and second pole pieces. The second gap and
     MR sensing element are proximate a magnetic document to be sensed. An
     electrical conductor is adjacent to the MR sensing element, but is
     electrically insulated therefrom. A direct current is passed through the
     electrical conductor to create a compensating bias field in the MR element
     which is combined with the bias field generated by the PM."
"A magnetic detector which is small in size and is capable of preventing the
     occurrence of deformation in the waveform representing a change in the
     resistance. A bias magnet 2 is adhered to the support plate 1. A bias
     magnetic field is generated by the bias magnet 2 toward a gear 7. A
     substrate 3 is adhered onto the support plate 1, and magneto resistance
     elements are formed on the substrate 3 by vacuum evaporation. The magneto
     resistance elements are disposed in parallel with the magnetized surface
     of the bias magnet 2. The magneto resistance elements are disposed being
     tilted by about 45 degrees with respect to a vector that is in parallel
     with the N-pole surface of the bias magnet 2 in the bias magnetic field
     and is directed toward the outer peripheral edge. Due to the revolution of
     the gear 7, a change in the resistance takes place in the magneto
     resistance elements due to a change in the vector which is parallel with
     the N-pole surface of the bias magnet 2 in the bias magnetic field
     generated by the bias magnet 2 towards gear 7 and is directed toward the
     outer peripheral edge."
"A speed control system is disclosed wherein a brushless DC motor and a
     magneto resistive encoder are able to rotate a motor at arbitrarily low
     speeds. The motor is able to rotate at low speeds by having a filtered
     signal generated by an encoder applied to its inputs. The encoder is
     coupled to a series of filters which remove DC level and harmonic
     distortions from the resulting encoder signal. These filtered signals are
     then applied to the motor to control motor rotation speed."
"A surface structure of a magnetoresistive film involved in a
     magnetosensitive portion surrounded by a peripheral portion including at
     least an electrode film and a magnetic film underlying the electrode film
     for applying a unidirectional magnetic field onto the magnetosensitive
     portion, side edges of the magnetoresistive film are covered by the
     magnetic film so as to keep the side edges separate from the electrode
     film, an insulation film is provided on at least a peripheral area of a
     top surface of the magnetoresistive film so that a part of the electrode
     film extends on the insulating film thereby the top surface of the
     magnetoresistive film is separated by the insulating film from the
     electrode film so as to keep an effective area of the magnetoresistive
     film in an actual area thereof."
"A process of producing a magnetic read head which includes a multilayer
     magnetoresistant element and a concentrator. The magnetic read head is
     produced to include a multilayer magnetoresistant element across a head
     gap of the concentrator positioned to a rear of pole pieces defining the
     gap of the head. Such a magnetic head may find particular application in
     magnetic recording systems."
"A method of fabricating an inverted magnetoresistive head is disclosed. The
     method includes fabricating a writer. The writer includes a bottom pole
     positioned within a recessed substrate. The bottom pole is filled with
     copper coils and polymer. A write gap, a pole tip, and a top pole/bottom
     shield are fabricated on a portion of the polymer. A top surface of both
     the polymer and the write gap are planarized to provide a substantially
     smooth surface upon which a reader can be placed. The reader is fabricated
     on top of the writer and includes a first reader gap, a magnetoresistive
     element, a second reader gap, and a shield."
"A magnetoresistive element is used to detect a surface roughness of an
     object, such as a magnetic recording medium, a photomask blank, a
     semiconductor wafer, and is assembled into a reproducing head which moves
     along a surface of the object and which can produce an electric signal
     related to the surface roughness. The reproducing head may be incorporated
     with a recording head into a head unit. The head unit can monitor a
     magnetic characteristic of the magnetic recording medium in addition to
     detection of the surface roughness, by recording a predetermined signal by
     the recording head and by reproducing the predetermined signal by the
     reproducing head."
"A flux enhanced data transducer and method for producing the same in
     conjunction with shared shields on MR read heads in which substantially
     between 500-2500 .ANG. of a relatively higher magnetic moment material is
     added to the upper surface of the shared shield, or bottom write head
     pole, prior to a magnetic flux containment ion milling operation utilizing
     the upper pole as a mask. The relatively higher magnetic moment flux
     enhancement layer may comprise CoNiFe, FeN or similar material which is
     deposited prior to the formation of the dielectric gap layer. The flux
     enhancement layer may then be selectively removed substantially
     surrounding the upper pole by means of a relatively brief ion milling
     process in which only on the order of 1.0 k.ANG. of the layer need be
     removed and during which only an insignificant amount of the material
     removed might be re-deposited on the sides of the upper pole."
"In a magnetic read/write assembly, a removable fusible-link shorts the
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element to minimize electrical current
     through the MR sensing element during discharge of static electricity.
     Other magnetic head assembly elements such as the write coil and MR
     magnetic shields are also shorted using fusible-links. The fusible-link is
     removable during the assembly process. The existing terminal pads and
     wires are used to remove the fusible-link."
"A magnetic storage system in which a magnetoresistive (MR) transducer
     utilizes a high coercivity magnetic material to produce a bias field for
     achieving higher signal output with low currents for narrow track width
     applications. Strips of high coercivity magnetic material contiguously
     contact opposite track-overlying edges of an MR layer. Each strip has a
     horizontal component of magnetization times its thickness that is at least
     equal to a horizontal component of magnetization of the MR layer times its
     thickness before the MR layer is biased by the strips, and each strip has
     its magnetization direction canted at an angle .phi. from its horizontal
     component. The MR layer is asymmetrically positioned between spaced
     magnetic shields and the MR layer is separated by a conductive nonmagnetic
     spacer layer from a shunt layer. Alternatively, the shunt layer is
     replaced by a reduced thickness soft film layer and the MR layer is
     centered between the shields and the strips also contiguously contact
     track overlying edges of the soft film layer."
"A magnetic detection device including a biasing magnet for generating a
     bias magnetic field directed to an object of detection having a magnetic
     material; a magnetoresistance effective element disposed at an inclination
     of about 45.degree. to the direction of the bias magnetic field to provide
     a change in resistance caused by the bias magnetic field in accordance
     with movement of the object of detection, so as to detect a change in
     state of the bias magnetic field via the change in resistance of the
     magnetoresistance effective element; and the biasing magnet having a
     hollow portion containing a holder for holding the magnetoresistance
     effective element in a position between a surface of the biasing magnet
     and the object of detection and close to the surface of the biasing
     element."
"A detecting region of a magnetic sensor, for converting magnetic signal
     from a magnetized member into an electric signal and detecting a moving
     condition of the magnetized member on the basis of the electric signal has
     a laminated structure of a first and second magnetic layers each formed of
     a lamination of ultra thin films of a magnetic material and an
     intermediate non-magnetic layer formed of a lamination of ultra thin films
     of a non-magnetic material and disposed between the first and second
     magnetic layers. Particularly, thickness of each of the first and second
     magnetic layers is in a range from 3 nm to 10 nm and thickness of the
     intermediate non-magnetic layer is 3 nm or more. In a concrete example of
     the laminated structure, each of the first and second magnetic layers is
     composed of a lamination of atomic layers of nickel (Ni), iron (Fe) or an
     alloy of iron and nickel and the intermediate non-magnetic layer is
     composed of a lamination of 13 atomic layers or more of silver (Ag). The
     magnetic sensor has a magnetoresistance change rate which is considerably
     larger than that of a conventional sensor."
"Disclosed is a magneto-resistance effect element indicating a larger
     magneto-resistance effect at room temperature under impression of low
     magnetic field is obtained with the construction wherein the
     characteristics of artificial metallic lattice membrane are exploited."
"A magnetoresistive transducer and method for manufacturing the same
     includes a spin valve structure comprising a pinned, bottom ferromagnetic
     layer and an active, top ferromagnetic layer separated by a thin
     nonmagnetic metal spacer layer. The active ferromagnetic layer and
     underlying spacer layer are formed into a mesa structure having tapered
     opposing sides to promote better surface planarization in a thin film
     fabrication process. A pair of permanent magnet layer portions may be
     deposited at the end portions of the spin valve structure in a generally
     coplanar relationship to promote domain stabilization but may also be
     separated therefrom by a relatively thin separation layer. The magnetic
     read track width of the device can be accurately and reproducibly
     determined by photolithographically defining the spacing between the
     permanent magnet layer portions overlying the active ferromagnetic layer."
"A positioning control system for performing recording/reproducing
     operations by irradiating an optical beam to predertermined position on an
     optically recording medium, e.g., magneto-optical disk, includes a
     photo-detector constituted by at least two-divisional units; and a
     servo-error signal generating circuit which can generate at least one
     servo-error signal in accordance with a difference between the detection
     currents. Preferably, servo-error signal generating circuit includes at
     least one division circuit that has two pairs of transistors, two emitters
     in each pair of transistors being connected together into a common
     emitter, bias voltages of direct current type being applied to the
     respective bases of transistors on one side, the respective collectors of
     the transistors on one side being connected to a common connecting portion
     via resistors, the common connecting portion being connected to a power
     supply, the respective bases of transistors on the other side being
     connected together into a common base; and an integrating capacitor which
     is connected to the common base of transistors on the other side, and
     which integrates a difference between the current flowing through the
     common connecting portion and the reference current, to apply the thus
     integrated difference to the common base of transistors on the other side.
     Further, preferably, the photo-detector is connected to the common
     emitters in the respective pairs of transistors, so that the detection
     currents can flow through the common emitters."
"An improved magnetoresistive device and method for fabricating the same
     which results in improved Barkhausen noise suppression. A generally
     coplanar device is described having an MR structure conductive region
     longitudinally biased by opposing permanent magnet layers separated
     therefrom by a non-magnetic metal or dielectric separation layer.
     Significant reduction of the demagnetization energy near the
     MR-to-permanent magnet junction is achieved, particularly in the use of an
     elliptically shaped conductive region and the resultant generally coplanar
     device is readily fabricated and reproducible using a self-aligning
     process. The longitudinal bias technique described can be used in
     conjunction with all known transverse bias techniques."
"A magnetoresistance effect type head comprises a magnetoresistance effect
     film having a pair of leads connected thereto and possessing a magnetic
     field responding part and a pair of upper and lower shield layers having a
     magnetoresistance effect type head satisfies the relations, W.sub.s
     &lt;W.sub.r and T.sub.r &lt;W.sub.r, wherein W.sub.s stands for the width of the
     surface of the upper shield layer facing the magnetoresistance effect
     film, W.sub.r for the distance between the pair of leads, and T.sub.r for
     the width of the magnetic field responding part of the magnetoresistance
     effect film. The magnetic field responding part of the magnetoresistance
     effect film is formed as of the remainder of the MR film region whose
     magnetic moment is fixed outside the end part of the upper shield layer
     facing the MA film. The magnetic field responding part is otherwise formed
     of a protruding part of the magnetoresistance effect film extended in the
     direction of the surface facing the medium. As a result, linear resolution
     suitable for a system having such high recording density as exceeds the
     order of Gb/inch.sup.2 of planar recording density is obtained. Further, a
     narrow track suitable for a system of high recording density can be
     produced accurately."
"A digital output magnetoresistive (""DOMR"") head for magnetic playback
     comprising one or more ""pinned"" magnetic layers having magnetic polar
     direction which does not rotate under an external field from the media,
     and a magnetic digital switching layer formed using either shape or
     crystalline anisotropy such that it has an easy axis parallel to the
     magnetic direction of the pinned layer or layers and two stable
     magnetization directions, parallel or antiparallel to the magnetization
     polar direction of the pinned layer or layers. Because of this dual stable
     state configuration the DOMR head produces a substantially digital output
     when reading magnetic information."
"An apparatus for the adaptive cancellation of at least a first pole
     frequency in a magnetoresistive (MR) head device includes a preamplifier
     coupled to first and second terminals of the MR head. A signal at a pole
     frequency produced by the preamplifier is cancelled by a zero boost
     frequency signal generated as a result of a signal across the MR head read
     by a differential amplifier. The zero boost frequency signal is passed to
     the read channel coming from the MR head to cancel the pole."
"A method of driving a motor without initial back rotation includes the
     steps of identifying a rest position 22 of a storage medium 20, mapping
     the rest position of storage medium 20 to a motor drive sequence, and
     driving the motor with the motor drive sequence, thereby enabling motor
     start-up without back rotation. The method is applicable to unipolar and
     bipolar drive methods as well as inductive read type and magneto-resistive
     type heads."
"Apparatus for reading magnetically stored data from a wide range of
     magnetic media. The apparatus includes a magnetoresistive MR head for
     producing a signal representative of stored magnetic data and a hysteresis
     comparator circuit for processing the signal from high concentration
     media. The MR head is preferably a paired MR head having a preamplifier
     circuit which provides the bias current for the PMR head, amplifies the
     signal produced by the PMR head, and provides rejection of common mode
     signals."
"An electronic compass is described for use in vehicles. The compass employs
     a magnetoresistive sensor for sensing the earth magnetic field and the
     sensor is operated in alternate set/reset bias modes. In a first
     embodiment, the compass is provided with deviation compensation by a
     closed loop system including measurement of the sensor output signals and
     an offset current strap for nullifying the vehicle deviation field. In a
     second embodiment, deviation compensation is provided by operation in an
     initial calibration mode and by operation in a normal calibration mode to
     adjust compensation, as needed, on a long term basis during normal
     operation of the compass. In the initial calibration mode, while the
     vehicle is being driven, the signal peak values are adjusted to a nominal
     earth field level by changing the offset current. Then, compensating
     signal reference values for each axis are determined as each peak for that
     axis is determined. The system automatically exits the initial calibration
     mode when certain criteria have been met. In the normal compensation mode,
     The signal reference value for each axis is adjusted at least once during
     the time interval between turn-on and turn-off of the vehicle ignition
     switch."
"A magnetic encoder apparatus for determining the position of a moving
     object. The encoder has a merged magnetoresistive (MR) head capable of
     maintaining a magnetic transducing relationship with a magnetic medium on
     a substrate while there is relative motion between the head and the
     medium. The merged MR head contains an MR read element and an inductive
     transducer write element. The inductive transducer write element is
     capable of writing encoded bits that contain information that defines a
     position of the substrate. The MR read element is capable of reading these
     encoded bits and generating an output signal. The output signal is
     processed by electronic circuitry in order to decipher the position of the
     moving object that is coupled with the encoder."
"In the simplest embodiment of the invention, the apparatus holds the edge
     of the magnetized film to be measured close to, and above, a linearly
     biased magnetoresistive (MR) element. Magnetic poles appearing at the
     magnetic discontinuity at the edge of the film generate a magnetic field
     which is incident on the MR element, and which results in a measurable
     change in the element's resistivity. In a preferred embodiment, a pair of
     MR elements are placed so that they are both linearly biased by a magnet;
     only one of the MR elements being in close proximity to, and influenced by
     the magnetic field emanating from the edge of the magnetized film. The
     second MR element, selected for matched characteristics with the first MR
     element, is located out of the field of the magnetized film, but still
     subject to the same temperature environment and field noise as the first
     MR element. The two MR elements are configured with associated resistors
     as arms of a Wheatstone bridge so that the common mode fields and thermal
     drift signals experienced by both MR elements are canceled to the first
     order, and the output of the bridge is proportional to the change in
     resistance in the first MR element due only to the field of the magnetized
     film."
"A giant magnetoresistive (GMR) thin film transducer employs a pair of flux
     guide pole members that define a magnetic transducing gap. A GMR structure
     formed of a stack of multiple layers is located between spaced portions of
     one of the flux guide pole members and away from the transducing gap. Bias
     current is supplied in a CPP (current perpendicular to the plane) mode. In
     an alternative embodiment, a plurality of such GMR structures are
     connected together serially to provide a larger output signal than that
     obtained with a single GMR stack."
"A spin-valve dual magnetoresistance reproduce head (SV-DMR), consists of
     two spin valve sensor elements configured such that the two individual
     spin valve elements are physically separated by a relatively high
     resistivity conductive gap spacer. As in a conventional dual
     magnetoresistive head (DMR) there is sense current flow through the
     SV-DMR, and signal generated magnetoresistance changes are detected as
     head output voltage variations. The SV-DMR eliminates the need for an
     exchange coupled pinning layer or the mismatch of spin valve layers to
     implement the perpendicular biasing arrangement disclosed in the prior
     art. The required perpendicular biasing is attained solely by the
     interaction between substantially equal thickness magnetic layers of the
     SV-DMR and the internal magnetic fields arising from the flow of the sense
     current in the device. The inherent high resolution of the prior art DMR
     is retained in the SV-DMR, and is effectively combined with the high
     output signal capability provided by the use of spin valve
     magnetoresistance elements."
"A position measuring device having a sensor, the output signal Sd of which
     is a function of the distance between a graduation and a scanning unit. To
     render the distance-dependent signal independent of temperature changes,
     the sensor consists of a potentiometer circuit with an active branch and a
     complementary branch. Magneto-resistive elements which scan the graduation
     are disposed in the active branch. Resistive elements are disposed in the
     complementary branch which have the same temperature behavior as the
     magneto-resistive elements of the active branch, but are substantially
     insensitive to magnetic fields. The voltage across the active branch is
     taken as the distance-dependent measuring signal Sd and is used to control
     the amplitude of the position-dependent scanning signals generated by
     scanning the graduation."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) active invasive device system employs a small,
     high-field polarizing magnet, and a large, possibly low-field magnetic
     resonance (MR) imaging magnet for the purpose of generating MR angiograms
     of selected blood vessels. A subject is positioned in a large MR imaging
     magnet. A catheter is inserted into the patient at or near the root of a
     vessel tree to be imaged. A fluid, intended to be used as a contrast agent
     is first cooled and frozen, and then passed through the small high-field
     polarizing magnet where it becomes highly polarized. The frozen fluid is
     then heated and melted to physiologic temperatures and introduced into the
     subject through the catheter. Radiofrequency (RF) pulses and magnetic
     field gradients are then applied to the patient as in conventional MR
     imaging. Since the fluid has a larger longitudinal magnetization than
     tissue which has not passed through the polarizing magnet, the fluid
     produces a much larger MR response signal than other tissue, resulting in
     vessel tree images with excellent contrast."
"A signal reproducing circuit includes: a magneto-resistive effect head
     having one end thereof coupled to a first power supply line, for
     reproducing data recorded on a magnetic recording medium in a read
     operation; a first constant current source coupled between another end of
     the head and a second power supply line, for supplying the head with a
     sense current in the read operation; first and second transistors having
     collectors thereof coupled to the first power supply line, and responsive
     to voltage signals obtained from both ends of the head; second and third
     constant current sources coupled between each emitter of the first and
     second transistors and the second power supply line, for supplying the
     first and second transistors with a predetermined constant current in the
     read operation; a capacitor connected between each emitter of the first
     and second transistors; and a control circuit responsive to a read/write
     control signal, for controlling respective ON/OFF timings of the first to
     third constant current sources. In a transition from a read state to a
     write state, the second and third constant current sources are first
     turned OFF and the first constant current source is then turned OFF. In a
     transition from a write state to a read state, the first constant current
     source is first turned ON and the second and third constant current
     sources are then turned ON. It is possible to reduce a transient idle
     period from a write state to a read state to thereby prevent an
     undesirable offset component from overlapping the reproduced signal, and
     to reduce a loss in the data capacity to a minimum."
"A wide-bandwidth variable attenuator/modulator incorporating a region of
     material comprising a combination of a ferromagnetic/nonmagnetic material
     which exhibits a Giant Magnetoresistance (GMR) effect."
"A sensor for use in read/writing the magnetic pattern stored in a magnetic
     storage disk uses a Corbino structure comprising inner and outer
     electrodes enclosing a magnetoresistive element. The sensor is formed at
     the front surface of a stack of superposed layers of which the first and
     fifth are of a high resistivity semiconductive material, the second and
     fourth are of a magnetoresistive material and the third of a metal or
     composite structure. The second and fourth layers form a loop around the
     third layer, the first and fifth form a loop around the second and fourth
     layers. A dopant is diffused into the front surface of the stack to
     convert edge portions of the first and fifth layers to low resistivity to
     form a conductive loop that serves as the outer electrode of the Corbino
     disk, the third electrode serving as the inner electrode."
"The present invention relates a magnetoresistive head of an MR device. The
     magnetoresistive head comprises a nonmagnetic metal layer formed on an
     insulating layer, and a magnetic layer formed on the nonmagnetic metal
     layer."
"First and second shield layers of a read head are constructed of a
     lamination of NiMn and Fe-based layers to improve the performance of the
     shield layers when they are subjected to high external fields, such as
     from the pole tips of a write head combined therewith. Without lamination
     with one or more NiMn layers, many shield materials do not return to the
     same domain configuration after excitation from an external field. The
     result is that the Fe-based material assumes a different domain
     configuration after each excitation which changes the bias point of the MR
     sensor of the read head. By laminating with NiMn, the uniaxial anisotropy
     of the material can be increased to provide uniform domain configuration
     and exchange pinning between shield material NiMn returns the material to
     the same configuration after each external field excitation. The invention
     further provides fine tunings of the magnetic properties of the shield
     layer by various combinations of the Fe-based layers and/or the NiMn layer
     with NiFe layers."
"To measure magnetic field gradients is difficult because sensor elements
     available for this have only a limited linearity range due to their
     sensitivity which is strongly dependent on the temperature and on
     auxiliary-field magnetic fields and furthermore this sensitivity has a
     significant sample dispersion. Whereas now the arrangement of a a
     Wheatstone bridge with magnetoresistive resistors is such that on the one
     hand two symmetrical areas are provided, in each area of which a resistor
     of a bridge branch is arranged, and that moveover all other building
     elements are also designed with a high degree of symmetry. With this a
     symmetrical temperature gradient is created in the sensor chip, which
     gradient does not influence the output signal of the bridge. A
     temperature-dependent zero-point drift does also not exist. The changeable
     resistor needed for trimming is as the single singular structural part
     directly arranged on the central axis and also does not interfere with the
     measurement. The arrangement is particularly suited for the potential-free
     measurement of the current intensities."
"A magnetoresistance type sensor device for detecting an angle or strength
     of a magnetic field applied thereto includes first to fourth
     magnetoresistance elements interconnected so as to constitute a Wheatstone
     bridge circuit, and a differential amplifier circuit having inputs for
     receiving a first potential from a first junction formed between a pair of
     elements and a second potential from a second junction formed between
     paired elements for thereby generating a differential amplitude voltage
     signal indicative of the angle or strength of the magnetic field. The
     magnetoresistance elements are formed of a material having a same
     composition and dimensioned such that change of the resistance of the
     first and second magnetoresistance elements brought about by a change in
     the angle or strength of the applied magnetic field differs from
     corresponding change of the resistance of the third and fourth
     magnetoresistance elements, and that the changes of the resistances of the
     first and second magnetoresistance elements are equal to each other with
     the changes of resistances of the third and fourth magnetoresistance
     elements being equal to each other. The temperature characteristics of the
     magnetoresistance elements are equalized. The differential amplitude
     voltage signal generated by the differential amplifier is compensated for
     in respect to the temperature variations."
"A magnetoresistive film includes, arranged in the following order, a
     substrate, a first ferromagnetic layer, a non-magnetic metal film, and a
     second ferromagnetic layer which has a coercive force different from that
     of the first ferromagnetic layer. The magnetoresistive film has an uneven
     number of inflection point(s) in its magnetization hysteresis curve in the
     process of magnetization transition from a first saturation magnetization
     state to a second saturation magnetization state, with a magnetic field
     change quantity Hb and a magnetic field change quantity Ha being in the
     following relation:
where Ha and Hb are respectively expressed as Ha=.vertline.H.sub.2 -H.sub.0
     .vertline. and Hb=.vertline.H.sub.1 -H.sub.0 .vertline., with H.sub.0,
     H.sub.1 and H.sub.2 respectively representing the magnetic field at the
     intermediate inflection point, the magnetic field corresponding to 95% of
     said first saturation magnetization, and the magnetic field corresponding
     to 95% of said second saturation magnetization after transition."
"An arrangement for reading out an information signal from a magnetic record
     carrier. The arrangement includes a read head having a magneto-resistive
     (MR) element (R.sub.m1) with a first terminal (3) connected to a first
     point (13) of constant potential, and a second terminal (4); a
     bias-current generator (2) having an output (5) for supplying a
     bias-current to the MR element; and an amplifier circuit (1) having a
     first terminal (6) coupled to the output (5) of the bias-current generator
     (2), and a second terminal (7) coupled to the second terminal (4) of the
     magneto-resistive element (R.sub.m1) so as to form a series arrangement of
     the bias-current generator, the amplifier circuit and the
     magneto-resistive element. At an output terminal (8), the information
     signal is available. The amplifier circuit (1) includes a MOS transistor
     T.sub.1 coupled between the output terminal (8) and the second terminal
     (7), and a feedback circuit, including a resistor (R.sub.1) and a
     capacitor (C.sub.1), having a low cut-off frequency (R.sub.1,C.sub.1)
     which provides a bias voltage to the gate of the MOS transistor (T.sub.1)
     and forces the bias-current of the bias-current generator (2) to flow
     through the MR element. Fast settling of the arrangement is possible by
     short-circuiting, via a switch (S.sub.1), the resistor (R.sub.1), a high
     charge current for capacitor C.sub.1 being supplied by a buffer amplifier
     (310). The buffer amplifier (310), the resistor R.sub.1 and the switch
     S.sub.1 provide fast settling without generating undesired off-set."
"A magnetic measuring system having a scale and a scanning unit, the
     scanning unit having a plurality of magneto-resistive elements which are
     disposed at an angle .beta. with respect to the measuring direction. The
     scanning unit generates an auxiliary magnetic field which acts
     perpendicularly to the measuring direction so as to magnetically bias the
     magneto-resistive elements."
"A method of manufacturing a magnetoresistance element that can accurately
     sort out truely defective products from apparently defective products due
     to the manufacturing processes. Manufacturing processes for MR elements
     includes a MR element formation process, a magnetic field application
     process and an electric inspection process. In the magnetic field process,
     the magnetic field application is limited to a range within 75.degree. to
     the longitudinal direction of a MR element pattern. By performing the
     magnetic field application process before the electric inspection process,
     the anisotropic magnetic field due to a shape magnetic anisotropy of the
     MR element can be aligned almost in a fixed direction, defective products
     due to the manufacturing processes can exactly be sorted out from the
     apparently defective products in the electric inspection process, so that
     the yield rate can be improved."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) active invasive device system employs a small,
     high-field polarizing magnet, and a large magnetic resonance (MR) imaging
     magnet for the purpose of generating MR images of selected body cavities.
     A subject is positioned in a large low-field MR imaging magnet. A
     substance, intended to be used as a contrast agent is first cooled, and
     then passed through the small high-field polarizing magnet where it
     becomes highly polarized. The substance is then heated to physiologic
     temperatures, vaporized, and introduced into the subject through a
     transfer conduit as a vapor. Radiofrequency (RF) pulses and magnetic field
     gradients are then applied to the patient as in conventional MR imaging.
     Since the vapor is highly polarized, it can be imaged even though it has a
     much lower density than the surrounding tissue."
"A motor control arrangement including a control circuit for controlling the
     speed of an electric motor (EM), which control circuit comprises a
     measurement resistor (MR) and a switching transistor (ST) having a control
     electrode and a main current path coupled in series with the electric
     motor (EM) and the measurement resistor (MR), a pulse width control stage
     (PW) coupled to the control electrode of the switching transistor (ST), a
     motor current measurement stage (MI) for controlling the pulse width
     control stage (PW) in response to a motor current of the electric motor
     (EM), and a motor voltage measurement stage (MV) for controlling the pulse
     width control stage (PW) in response to a motor voltage (EM) of the
     electric motor (EM). In order to improve the speed control the motor
     current measurement stage (MI) comprises a voltage-current converter (M3,
     M4; A1) having an input coupled to a first terminal (3) coupled to the
     electric motor (EM) and having an output coupled to the pulse width
     control stage (PW), the voltage-current converter (M3, M4; A1) being
     adapted to realize a motor current transformation, and the motor voltage
     measurement stage (MV) comprises a resistor (R1) and a first current
     mirror (M1) having an input coupled, by a resistor (R1), to a second
     terminal coupled to the electric motor (EM) and having an output coupled
     to the pulse width control stage (PW)."
"A reproducing power control unit of a magneto-optical recording and
     reproducing apparatus comprising level detecting means, composed of a
     diode, a capacitor, a subtractor and a sample hold circuit, for detecting
     the signal levels of control marks of different lengths on a
     magneto-optical disk, control data generating means, composed of a
     divider, for outputting a comparing result between the signal levels,
     error reference generating means, composed of a CPU and a ROM, for
     generating a reference value representing a specific relation between the
     signal levels when a light beam has an optimal reproducing power,
     reference comparing means, composed of a subtractor, for comparing the
     comparison result with the reference value, and reproducing power changing
     means, composed of an operational amplifier and a transistor and a
     resistor, for changing the reproducing power of the light beam to
     approximate the comparison result to the reference value. The reproducing
     power is controlled in such a manner that the relation between the signal
     levels of various types of marks each having a different length becomes
     equal to the specific relation represented by the reference value.
     Accordingly, an aperture which minimizes noise components such as
     crosstalk is developed, and the probabilities of readout errors are
     reduced."
"The magnetic states of MR reproducing heads are reinitialized during media
     drive manufacturing by applying initializing magnetic fields to the
     transducers after they have been manufactured and incorporated into media
     drive assemblies."
"A magnetic disk storage system with high linear resolution magnetoresistive
     (MR) head or heads comprising a dielectric substrate, a first magnetic
     shield, a first gap insulation layer, an MR stripe element, conductive
     leads, a second gap insulation layer, and a second magnetic shield.
     Back-fill layers of insulation material are deposited on the first gap
     insulation layer adjacent the MR element and/or on the second gap
     insulation layer in thicknesses substantially sufficient to at least in
     part replace insulation material removed during the various processing
     steps to ensure against short circuiting of the MR element. The MR element
     preferably is a trilayer comprising a soft MR sensing layer biased at an
     acute angle to the lengthwise dimension of the element but free to rotate
     therefrom according to the magnitude and direction of applied magnetic
     field; a soft magnetic or hard magnetic layer with magnetization fixed in
     a direction perpendicular to the lengthwise direction of the MR element;
     and a spacer layer separating these two layers."
"A magneto-resistance effect thin-film magnetic head with a flux guide for
     efficiently guiding the signal magnetic flux from the magnetic recording
     medium to a magneto-resistance effect film. The flux guide is made up of a
     laminated structure of alternate layers of permalloy and Ti so that the
     number of the permalloy films is two or more. The flux guide may be formed
     by an underlying layer and the laminated structure formed on the
     underlying layer. The film thickness T1 of the permalloy film and the film
     thickness T2 of the Ti film preferably are such that 0 nm&lt;T1&lt;50 nm and 0
     nm&lt;T2&lt;6 nm. The flux guide of the MR head may be formed easily and is
     excellent in magnetic characteristics. The playback signal output of the
     MR head may be improved without complicating the production process of the
     MR head."
"A composite thin film slider with a protruding R/W device formed by
     chemical-mechanical polishing to protrude above its substrate and thereby
     reduce the distance between the R/W device and the recording media. The
     slider includes a ceramic or non-ceramic substrate with a substantially
     planar bearing surface, and a R/W device. The R/W device includes an
     insulator and certain conductive R/W components, deposited onto the
     substrate's deposit end. The R/W components may include, for example, a
     magnetic shield layer, a MR stripe layer, and a magnetic pole tip layer,
     all layered over the deposit end of the substrate. The R/W components
     protrude from the insulator sufficiently to extend past the substrate's
     bearing surface. To manufacture this slider, a substrate with the R/W
     device deposited thereon is polished with a lapping slurry to
     disproportionately erode the substrate and insulator with respect to the
     R/W components. The R/W components therefore protrude from the insulator
     and the ceramic substrate's bearing surface."
"A magnetoresistive layered structure having on a substrate two or more
     magnetoresistive, anisotropic ferromagnetic thin-films each two of which
     are separated by an intermediate layer on a substrate of less than 50
     .ANG. thickness formed of a substantially nonmagnetic, conductive alloy
     having two immiscible components therein. A further component to provide
     temperature stability in some circumstances is to be at least partially
     miscible in the first two components. Such structures can be formed as a
     sensor by having them electrically connected together with one positioned
     in a gap between magnetic material masses and one shielded by one of such
     masses. The magnetic material mass being used for shielding can be divided
     into two masses with one of those masses farthest from the gap serving as
     the shield."
"A security device and system for encoding documents with code patterns, and
     particularly magnetic bar code patterns or other indicia exhibiting zero
     remanence. An in-field magnetoresistive (MR) sensing element read head is
     employed to magnetize the bar code pattern bands and detect their width or
     spacing apart as they are advanced with respect to the head. After read
     out, the bar code pattern bands exhibit practically no residual magnetic
     field and are not readable by a magnetic viewer. The code patterns may be
     in any shape or format for adding security to documents of all types."
"A closed-form integration method is derived and analyzed for computing
     motion trajectories from velocity field data, in particular as measured by
     phase contrast cine (PC) MR imaging. By modeling periodic motion as
     composed of Fourier harmonics and integrating the material velocity of the
     tracked point in the frequency domain, this method gives an unbiased
     trajectory estimate in the presence of white measurement noise and eddy
     current effects. When applied to practical data, the method can
     incorporate compensation for the frequency response of the data
     acquisition method, offering a further improvement on the tracking
     accuracy. In simulation and phantom studies, the estimated trajectories
     were in excellent agreement with the true trajectories. Encouraging
     results have also been obtained on data from human beings."
"A thin film diode and method of fabrication having large current capability
     and low-turn on voltage is provided as a switching or protective device
     against electrostatic discharge in integrated devices such as
     magnetoresistive sensors and the like. A first semiconductor thin film
     layer of NiO.sub.x having p type properties is disposed on an arbitrary
     substrate, such as alumina, glass, silicon dioxide, silicon and the like.
     A second semiconducting layer of tin oxide or indium oxide or other
     transparent oxide is joined to the first layer to form a p/n junction. In
     one method of fabrication, the p/n junction is formed in a sputtering
     process under a partial oxygen pressure to control the stoichiometry of
     the films. Gold and Gold Indium contacts are attached to the films to
     provide electrical contacts. The device is enclosed in a protective
     coating and connected in parallel with an electronic device subject to
     electrostatic discharge."
"A thermal imaging device (10) includes a rotational scanning mirror (32)
     scanning a viewed scene across a linear detector array (50) including
     plural spaced apart detector elements (50', 50"", 50'"", . . . ). The
     scanner includes an annular magnetic track (174) carried on the rotational
     scanning mirror (32), and a stationary reading head (178) responding to
     passage of magnetic domains (176) on the magnetic track (174) to commutate
     position of the rotational scanning mirror (32). The reading head (178)
     includes pairs of magneto-resistive elements (182) which are physically
     positioned relative to one another and are electrically connected so as to
     be simultaneously exposed to respective magnetic flux maxima and magnetic
     flux minima as the scanner mirror (32) rotates. As a result,
     domain-to-domain variations of flux intensity of the magnetic domains
     (176) on the magnetic track (174) are averaged out. Consequently, a much
     improved quality of commutation signal results, with improved timing
     correspondence of the rotational position and speed of the scanning mirror
     to the requirements of the thermal imaging device (10)."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) active invasive device system employs a small,
     high-field polarizing magnet, and a large low-field magnetic resonance
     (MR) imaging magnet for the purpose of generating MR angiograms of
     selected blood vessels. A subject is positioned in a large low-field MR
     imaging magnet. A catheter is inserted into the patient at or near the
     root of a vessel tree desired to be imaged. A hydrogen gas is first cooled
     and condensed into a liquid state, and then passed through the small
     high-field polarizing magnet where it becomes highly polarized. A contrast
     fluid is then made by chemically combining the polarized hydrogen with
     oxygen to obtain highly polarized water. The water is then heated to
     physiologic temperatures and, if desired, made more physiologically
     compatible with the addition of substances such as salts. The
     physiologically conditioned polarized fluid is then introduced into the
     subject through the catheter. Radiofrequency (RF) pulses and magnetic
     field gradients are then applied to the patient as in conventional MR
     imaging. Since the fluid has a larger longitudinal magnetization than
     tissue which has not passed through the polarizing magnet, the fluid
     produces a much larger MR response signal than other tissue resulting in
     the vessel tree being imaged with excellent contrast."
"A variable stiffness suspension bushing (18) for use in a suspension of a
     motor vehicle comprises a shaft or rod (40) connected to a suspension
     member (12), an inner cylinder (42) fixedly connected to the shaft or rod
     (40), and an outer cylinder (44) fixedly connected to a chassis member
     (16). A magnetorheological (MR) elastomer (48), having iron particles
     embedded therein, is interposed between the inner (42) and outer (44)
     cylinders, and a coil (54) is disposed about the inner cylinder (42). When
     the coil (54) is energized by electrical current provided from a
     suspension control module (20), a variable magnetic field is generated so
     as to influence the magnetorheological (MR) elastomer (48) whereby
     variable stiffness values of the elastomer (48) are obtained to provide
     the bushing (18) with variable stiffness characteristics in order to
     eliminate compromises heretofore necessary when using single, fixed rate
     bushings."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) active invasive device system employs a small,
     high-field polarizing magnet having a toroidal geometry, and a large
     low-field magnetic resonance (MR) imaging magnet for the purpose of
     generating MR angiograms of selected blood vessels. A subject is
     positioned in a large low-field MR imaging magnet. A catheter is inserted
     into the patient at or near the root of a vessel tree to be imaged. A
     fluid, intended to be used as a contrast agent is first passed through the
     small high-field polarizing magnet, causing a great deal of net
     longitudinal magnetization to be produced in the fluid. The fluid is then
     introduced into the subject through the catheter. Radiofrequency (RF)
     pulses and magnetic field gradients are then applied to the patient as in
     conventional MR imaging. Since the fluid has a larger longitudinal
     magnetization, before the MR imaging sequence, the fluid produces a much
     larger MR response signal than other tissue, resulting in the vessel tree
     being imaged with excellent contrast."
"A magnetoresistive transducer and method for manufacturing the same
     includes a spin valve structure comprising a pinned, bottom ferromagnetic
     layer and an active, top ferromagnetic layer separated by a thin
     nonmagnetic metal spacer layer. The active ferromagnetic layer and
     underlying spacer layer are formed into a mesa structure having tapered
     opposing sides to promote better surface planarization in a thin film
     fabrication process. A pair of permanent magnet layer portions may be
     deposited at the end portions of the spin valve structure in a generally
     coplanar relationship to promote domain stabilization but may also be
     separated therefrom by a relatively thin separation layer. The magnetic
     read track width of the device can be accurately and reproducibly
     determined by photolithographically defining the spacing between the
     permanent magnet layer portions overlying the active ferromagnetic layer."
"The present invention provides a novel high magnetic moment material for
     the pole pieces as well as a metal-in-gap configuration for the pole tips
     of either an inductive magnetic head only or the inductive portion of a MR
     head. The novel material is Ni.sub.45 Fe.sub.55. In the MIG configuration
     each pole piece of the inductive head or the inductive head portion of a
     MR head has a combination of layers, each combination of layers including
     a first layer of high magnetic moment material Ni.sub.45 Fe.sub.55
     adjacent to a transducing gap and a second layer of low magnetic moment
     material such as Permalloy (Ni.sub.81 Fe.sub.19) further away from the
     gap. Since both layers are made of NiFe all the desirable properties of
     this type of material can be employed as well as simplifying its
     construction with similar plating baths. The saturation of the first
     layers is 50 to 60 percent higher than the saturation of the second
     layers. The present invention avoids effects of magnetostriction in spite
     of the high magnetic moment of the first layers. By appropriately
     selecting the thickness ratio of the second layer with respect to the
     first layer the magnetostriction of the laminated structure can be reduced
     substantially to zero. When this thickness ratio is in the order of five
     to nine the magnetostriction is reduced to, or slightly below, zero. If
     the inductive head is employed for write functions only then the second
     pole tip or both pole tips can be constructed of the high moment Ni.sub.45
     Fe.sub.55 material without any thickness ratio or MIG configuration
     constraints."
"When a magnetic recording and reproducing apparatus is in a waiting state,
     feedback control for positioning the carriage is released, and a supply of
     a sense current to the magnetoresistive effect element of the MR magnetic
     head is adjusted so as to prolong the life of the MR magnetic head. When
     the interface and control circuit recognizes that there is no order from
     the host computer and that the magnetic recording and reproducing
     apparatus is in a wait state, the servo control circuit releases the
     feedback control for positioning the head. A mode, etc. selection control
     circuit controls the recording/reproduction amplifier so as not to supply
     a sense current to the magnetoresistive effect element of the MR magnetic
     head. Accordingly, the time for supplying a sense current to the
     magnetoresistive effect element of the MR magnetic head is reduced in a
     great measure and, therefore, it is possible to prevent the deterioration
     of the element characteristics by electro-migration or the like. The
     result is that the life of the element can be prolonged. Hence, the output
     of the MR magnetic head can be increased without sacrificing the
     reliability. Accordingly, it has become possible to improve the
     performance of a high-output magnetic recording and reproducing apparatus
     using an MR magnetic head."
"A transimpedance amplifier has an amplifier unit, a feedback resistor
     arranged between the output and input ends of the amplifier unit, a
     voltage clamp unit connected to the opposite ends of the feedback
     resistor, to clamp a voltage applied to the ends of the feedback resistor
     and prevent the amplifier unit from saturating, a current absorption unit
     arranged on the input side of the amplifier unit, to absorb any large
     input current supplied to the amplifier unit, and a switching selection
     unit to activate or deactivate the current absorption unit according to an
     external control signal. The current absorption unit is activated through
     the switching selection unit when a large input current is produced to
     write data to a magneto-optic disk in a magneto-optic disk unit in which
     the transimpedance amplifier is installed."
"A read head assembly senses data recorded on tracks of a moving magnetic
     media. The read head includes a magnetoresistive sensor element for
     sensing data, and a circuit connected to the sensor element. The circuit
     is used to electrically activate the sensor element and to monitor the
     voltage across an active sensing portion of the sensor element which is
     representative of the data. However, the circuit accomplishes this
     function without creating longitudinal magnetic fields near the active
     sensing portion. This reduces a source of magnetic instability and
     enhances the ability of the sensor element to read data from the track of
     the moving magnetic media, regardless of the width of the track."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) active invasive device system for imaging blood
     vessels employs an integrated polarizing and imaging magnet which is
     comprised of a small, high-field polarizing magnet whose flux return path
     is routed through pole structures to produce a large substantially uniform
     low-field magnetic region suitable for low-field magnetic resonance
     imaging. A subject is positioned in the uniform low-field region. A
     catheter is inserted into the patient at or near the root of a vessel tree
     to be imaged. A fluid, intended to be used as a contrast agent is first
     passed through the small high-field polarizing magnet, creating a large
     net longitudinal magnetization in the fluid. The fluid is then introduced
     into the subject is through the catheter. Radiofrequency (RF) pulses and
     magnetic field gradients are then applied to the patient as in
     conventional MR imaging. Since the fluid has a larger longitudinal
     magnetization before the MR imaging sequence, the fluid produces a much
     larger MR response signal than other tissue, resulting in the vessel tree
     being imaged with excellent contrast."
"A method of lapping the air bearing surface of a magnetoresistive head
     which minimizes the likelihood of interelement shorts at the air bearing
     surface is described. In a final, linear lapping phase, the air bearing
     surface is lapped back and forth parallel to the longitudinal axis of the
     head elements in an oscillatory path across a stationary lapping surface.
     Any scratches or smears of the elements will be along the length of the
     elements rather than transverse to the elements. Any transverse scratches
     or smears occurring in earlier lapping phases will be removed during the
     linear lapping phase."
"A linear feeding system comprises a DC motor with brush, a lead screw
     integrally arranged as the rotational shaft of the DC motor, and a nut
     member screwed on the lead screw. This linear feeding system further
     comprises a magnet installed on the rotational shaft of the DC motor,
     which is provided with a plurality of N-pole and S-pole magnets being
     magnetized alternately in the circumferential direction, and a
     magnetoresistive effect sensor fixedly arranged to face this magnet. With
     this structure, it is possible to provide a simply structured, small
     linear feeding system capable of performing a high precision high-speed
     feeding operation at low costs."
"A wrist mountable compass capable of directing a user to a selected compass
     direction is provided. In the preferred embodiment of the compass, the
     user selects the compass direction. The user is directed to the selected
     direction by digital pointers appearing on the compass. The compass
     utilizes a single magnetoresistive sensor to sense the polarity of the
     horizontal flux lines of the earth's magnetic field."
"A magnetoresistive head for use in, for example, a magnetic
     recording/reproducing device such as a magnetic disc unit is provided.
     This magnetoresistive head includes a substrate, a magnetoresistive
     element film, first and second antiferromagnetic films, and a first and
     second lead layers mounted on the first and second antiferromagnetic films
     for supplying a sense current to the magnetoresistive element film. The
     magnetoresistive element film includes first and second stepped side
     portions each having a thickness smaller than that of a central portion of
     the magnetoresistive element film which defines a reproducing section. The
     first and second antiferromagnetic films are formed on the first and
     second stepped side portions of said magnetoresistive element film. With
     these arrangements, the Barkhausen noise is reduced greatly while
     maintaining a reproduced output voltage at a desired level."
"A device for detecting a magnetic field, which device comprises a
     magneto-resistive multilayer structure comprising a first magnetic layer
     (1) which is separated from a second magnetic layer by an interposed
     non-magnetic layer, the multilayer structure having a first in-plane
     reference axis (R.sub.1) coinciding with the direction in which magnetic
     flux is offered to the multilayer structure during operation, and a second
     in-plane reference axis (R.sub.2) which is perpendicular to the first
     reference axis (R.sub.1), whereby the magnetic easy axis (E.sub.1) of the
     first magnetic layer (1) is canted through an acute in-plane angle .alpha.
     with respect to the second reference axis (R.sub.2), and the magnetic easy
     axis (E.sub.2) of the second magnetic layer is canted in the opposite
     sense through an acute in-plane angle .beta. with respect to the second
     reference axis (R.sub.2). Such a device lends itself to application in a
     magnetic head, for sensitive retrieval of magnetically-encoded data from a
     carrier in the form of a tape, disc or card."
"A position detecting apparatus includes a permanent magnet which is
     operative to generate a magnetic field and a yoke which is provided in
     electromagnetic communication with the permanent magnet for guiding at
     least a portion of the magnetic field therethrough. The yoke includes a
     high-permeability magnetic material and has an air gap of predetermined
     lateral dimension. A variable magnetic shunt is affixed to an object whose
     position is sought to be detected. The magnetic field in the air gap is
     perturbed by the movement of the shunt causing a change in intensity
     measurable by a magnetoresistive sensor. The sensor generates an
     electrical signal which corresponds to the determined intensity of the
     magnetic field and to the angular/linear position of the variable shunt
     and the attached object."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor comprising a layered structure having at
     least one trilayer comprising a first and a second thin film ferromagnetic
     layers separated by and in interfacial contact with a third thin film
     non-metallic magnetic layer. A fourth thin film layer of material is
     within the first ferromagnetic layer, and the fourth layer has a thickness
     between a fraction of a monolayer and several monolayers and is located at
     predetermined distance from the interface between the first and third
     layers. A current flow is produced through the MR sensor and variations in
     resistivity of the MR sensor produced by rotation of the magnetization in
     one or both of the ferromagnetic layers is sensed as a function of the
     magnetic field being sensed."
"The present invention relates to comb polymers KP, produced from
     macromonomers of formula (I)
     ##STR1##
     where X represents a group which comes from the initiator system,
     preferably an alkyl group with 1-50 C atoms; R1 represents an alkyl group
     with 1-18 C atoms, preferably 1-10 C atoms, particularly preferably 1-4 C
     atoms; R2 and R3 each represent an alkyl group with 1-8 C atoms; and B
     represents a terminal alkene group with at least 2 and not more than 12 C
     atoms; wherewith the compound of formula (I) is converted, by means which
     are per se known, to a compound of formula (II) which contains an active
     hydrogen substituent in the terminal position:
     ##STR2##
     where X, R1, R2, a, b, and c are as defined above, and a represents the
     group B modified by introduction of the active hydrogen function;
     wherewith the compound of formula (II) in turn is acylated to a
     macromonomer of formula (IV) by a reagent MR which introduces the
     (meth)acryloyl group:
     ##STR3##
     where X, R1, R2, R3, A, a, b, and c are as defined above, and R4
     represents hydrogen or methyl; and the macromonomers of formula (IV) thus
     obtained are converted to the comb polymers KP by radical polymerization
     with monomers M chosen from the group comprised of: (meth)acrylic acids of
     C.sub.1 -C.sub.28 -alkanols, functionalized radically polymerizable
     monomers, vinyl esters of fatty acids and vinylaromatic monomers."
"In a recording/reproduction apparatus equipped with an integrated head
     comprising a thin film inductive write element and a MR read element and
     mounted on a head slider which is arranged to be rotatable about a point
     so as to be rotationally accessible to tracks of a disk serving as a
     recording medium to make yaw angles with respect to tangents of the
     tracks, the inductive write element and the MR read element are arranged
     so that a magnetic center line of the MR read element which extends in
     directions perpendicular to track crossing directions is separated from a
     geometric center line of the MR write element which extends in directions
     perpendicular to the track crossing directions. The separation between the
     inductive write element and the MR read element is determined as the
     result of a multiplication of 1/2 of the sum of the sine of the slider yaw
     angle with respect to the tangent of the innermost track on the disk and
     the sine of the slider yaw angle with respect to the tangent of the
     outermost track by the distance between a gap of the inductive write
     element and the center of the MR read element. This arrangement allows
     minimizing the off-track between the write and read modes which occurs due
     to the yaw angles."
"A magnetic sensor is provided with a permanent magnet that has a beveled
     surface at one end of the magnet. The beveled surface intersects a first
     pole face at a preselected angle. The permanent magnet is associated with
     a magnetically sensitive component that comprises first and second
     magnetoresistive elements. Both of the magnetoresistive elements comprise
     two magnetoresistors. The four magnetoresistors are connected in
     electrical communication with each other to form a Wheatstone bridge that
     provides an output signal representative of the magnetic field strength in
     the sensing plane of the magnetically sensitive component. The beveled
     magnet provides a magnetic field which relates to a magnetically sensitive
     component in such a way that the position of a magnetic null in the
     sensing plane is advantageously affected."
"A magnetoresistive layered structure having a pair of magnetoresistive,
     anisotropic ferromagnetic thin-films separated by an intermediate layer on
     a substrate of less than 50 .ANG. thickness formed of a substantially
     nonmagnetic, conductive alloy having two immiscible components therein."
"A magnetic sensor includes a magnetoresistive effect layer (MR layer), on
     which permanent magnet layers are superimposed, the permanent magnet
     layers having slanted edges forming an angle .phi. with respect to the
     direction of an electric current I. The electrical resistance of the
     permanent magnet layers is higher than that of the MR layer. Due to the N
     and S polarities of the opposing slanted edges, sections of the MR layer
     located between the opposing slanted edges are magnetized with the angle
     .phi. such that a single magnetic domain is formed. The direction of
     magnetization M is at an angle .phi. of approximately 45.degree. with
     respect to the electric current I, so that it is possible to detect a
     change in the electrical resistance of the MR layer whenever there is a
     change in the external magnetic field H. Since the sections of the MR
     layer located between the opposing slanted edges are effected by the
     single magnetic domain in a direction having the angle .phi. relative to
     the direction of the applied current, a reduction in Barkhausen noise can
     be achieved."
"In a magnetoresistive read transducer, a material which is inert with
     respect to the soft film magnetic biasing layer is formed at the surface
     of the substrate prior to soft film deposition. In a preferred embodiment
     of the present invention, a substrate surface layer of metal such as Cr or
     Ta is used. These metals have high resistivity due to partial oxidation
     when deposited on the substrate to reduce shunting of sensing current
     through the magnetoresistive layer, and further acts as a barrier to
     protect the soft film from substrate interface contamination. The surface
     layer also acts as a seed layer to set the soft film magnetization
     orientation in a well-defined direction therefore reducing magnetic
     instability."
"An ultrasonic wave medical treatment apparatus capable of preventing the
     displacement of the focal point of the ultrasonic waves from the treatment
     target portion within the patient, eliminating a need for re-positioning
     of the ultrasonic wave applicator with respect to the patient, and taking
     MR images to be utilized during the treatment at a high resolution. In
     this apparatus, the ultrasonic wave applicator can be integrally
     incorporated within a treatment table for carrying the patient into the
     MRI gantry for taking the MR images. The surface coil for taking the MR
     images can be provided on a surface film of a water bag in the ultrasonic
     wave applicator, or on a body cavity probe on which the ultrasonic
     transducer is also provided. The mixing rate of the coupling fluid can be
     adjusted, and the impedance matching between the ultrasonic transducer and
     the driving circuit can be maintained by minimizing the reflected electric
     power from the ultrasonic transducer."
"A mechanical sensor, comprising a ferromagnetic layer having
     magnetostriction, a ferromagnetic layer having magneto-resistance effect,
     a magnetic field generating means which excites these ferromagnetic
     layers, and a substrate which supports all these elements integrally, can
     be attained, which is small, thin, highly sensitive, and is capable of
     integration, by detecting a change of magnetic flux density passing
     through the ferromagnetic layers resulting from a change of magnetic
     properties caused by stress as a change of resistance value arising from
     magneto-resistance effect. As a result, a small, thin, and highly
     sensitive mechanical sensor can be provided using stress magnetic effect.
     Furthermore, based on the anisotropy of detection sensitivity, intensity
     of the stress along a certain direction can be detected selectively."
"A magnetoresistance-effect magnetic sensor provides an effective output
     even in atmospheres higher in temperature than those relevant to prior art
     sensors. The invented sensor has magnetoresistance-effect devices each
     connected to a constant current circuit. The voltage across each device is
     output as a magnetic sensitive output. With this structure, a temperature
     rise induced decrease in magnetoresistivity of the device is compensated
     for by an increase in intrinsic resistance thereof attributable to
     temperature rise. Thus, the sensor provides a reliable output even in high
     temperature atmospheres."
"Disclosed is a magnetoresistive thin-film, which a (110) oriented epitaxial
     buffer layer 2 made of a body-centered cubic crystalline metal or alloy is
     formed on a single crystalline substrate 1, thereon with layer a (110)
     oriented epitaxial Fe/Cr superlattice film on which Fe layers 3 and Cr
     layers 4 alternately are epitaxially grown, the Fe/Cr superlattice having
     a structure in which staircase facets which have ridge lines to the &lt;100&gt;
     direction at (110) surface and have {100} side surfaces stand side by side
     to the &lt;110&gt; direction. The dispersion of the widths of the staircase
     facets falls within .+-.50%. Also disclosed is a magnetoresistive device
     which is provided with the above magnetoresistive thin-film and a means
     for applying a magnetic field parallel to the ridge lines of the staircase
     facets to the thin-film."
"Repeat fixation for medical procedures is accomplished using a non-invasive
     locator, specifically a bite plate. The bite plate has at least three
     fiducial markers on it. The fiducial markers may be LEDs, radiopaque
     markers for angiography or computerized tomography (CT) imaging or
     magnetic resonance markers for magnetic resonance (MR) imaging. By
     detecting the position of the markers, the position of features within the
     patient (such as a brain tumor or other intracranial target to which
     radiation is to be applied) can be determined with great precision. Since
     the bite plate has been molded to uniquely fit to the patient's teeth, it
     may be removed after an initial imaging of the patient. The bite plate may
     then be re-attached one or more times to the teeth and the location of the
     features will be in a known position relative to the sensed markers. The
     patient's position can then be adjusted in order to bring the features to
     a desired location, such as bringing an intracranial target to the
     isocenter of a planned application of radiation. Importantly, the bite
     plate is mechanically independent of any structures used for positioning
     (that is moving) the patient such that no error introducing forces or
     torques are applied to the bite plate by adjusting patient position."
"A method of lapping magnetoresistive (MR) heads individually which provides
     an MR element having a desired height with minimized skew is described.
     During fabrication of the MR head, one or more shunt resistors are formed
     between the edge of the MR element and the head air bearing surface. The
     shunt resistors are electrically connected at each end to extensions of
     the MR electrical leads and connected to the MR element and to each other
     at points between the ends forming a resistor network. During lapping of
     the MR head, the resistance of the resistor network is measured by an
     Ohmmeter connected between the MR element leads. As portions of the shunt
     resistors are ground away, the changes in the measured resistance of the
     resistor network are used to monitor and control any skew in the lapping
     process."
"A memory cell including a storage element having a first structure with a
     plurality of layers, selected layers having magnetization vectors
     associated therewith, the first structure exhibiting giant
     magnetoresistance, wherein the storage element has a closed flux structure
     in at least one dimension, and wherein the magnetization vectors are
     confined to the at least one dimension during all stages of operation of
     the storage element. The memory cell includes a means for reading
     information from and writing information to the first structure and a
     selection conductor for applying one or more selection signals to the
     storage element to enable reading from and writing to the first structure.
     In one embodiment, the reading and writing means includes a read conductor
     electrically coupled to the first structure, and a write conductor
     electrically isolated from the read conductor and the first structure. In
     a second embodiment, the reading and writing means is a single conductor
     electrically coupled to the first structure."
"An MR head has its MR stripe protected from electro-static discharge (ESD)
     on a slider, such as titanium carbide. The MR stripe is protected by a
     plurality of silicon integrated circuit devices which conduct ESD-induced
     current from the MR stripe to a silicon chip substrate ground potential or
     to larger components in the MR head such as the first and second shield
     layers and the coil layer. In a preferred embodiment the integrated
     circuit devices and interconnects are constructed in a single crystal
     silicon chip. The silicon chip is fixedly mounted to a trailing edge of
     the slider and the MR head is mounted on a trailing edge of the silicon
     chip adjacent the integrated circuit devices. The invention includes a
     method of mass producing sliders by combining thin film technology for
     making MR heads with integrated circuit technology for making integrated
     circuit devices. These technologies are combined at the wafer level to
     ultimate completion of individual sliders. At the wafer level a silicon
     wafer, which contains the integrated circuit devices, is fixedly mounted
     to a wafer of slider material, such as titanium carbide. A plurality of
     rows and columns of MR heads are constructed on the silicon wafer adjacent
     the integrated circuit devices. The composite wafer is then diced into
     quadrants wherein each quadrant contains rows and columns of sliders with
     MR heads. Each quadrant is then diced into rows. Each row is then diced
     into individual sliders, each slider carrying an MR head which is ESD
     protected."
"In a disk drive using a write-wide inductive write element and a
     read-narrow magneto-resistive read element within a head transducer
     assembly for writing and reading magnetic patterns on a rotating magnetic
     storage disk in a plurality of concentric tracks, a track pattern formed
     in each concentric track includes embedded servo wedges wherein each wedge
     includes a servo position portion which is offset from a centerline of
     both the servo sector and a following user data sector by an amount
     related to offset between the inductive write and magneto-resistive
     elements of the head transducer assembly. Furthermore, the servo sector
     contains four servo bursts. The servo bursts are arranged such that each
     sequential burst is offset from a previous burst by a fractional offset
     increment. The fractional offset increment is typically one-third of a
     track pitch."
"A lens holding frame holding a lens in a lens barrel is arranged, and a
     contact member extending therebelow is in friction coupling with a driving
     axis. By applying driving pulses having such a waveform that includes a
     moderate rising portion followed by an abrupt falling portion to a
     piezoelectric element, the holding frame is moved along the direction of
     the optical axis. An index provided at the holding frame is exposed
     through a slit of lens barrel, and from the position of the lens on the
     holding frame, information with respect to the distance to the object is
     displayed. Detection of the position of the holding frame is performed by
     a position sensor of ferromagnetic thin film magneto-resistive element
     type (MR sensor) so as to obtain positional information of the lens on the
     holding frame based on the detection signal, and the obtained information
     may be displayed on a liquid crystal or other display portion provided on
     the lens unit or on a camera body."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor based on the giant magnetoresistance (GMR)
     effect provides a digital output signal. The multilayer stack of
     alternating ferromagnetic layers and nonferromagnetic metal spacer layers
     in the GMR sensor has an essentially single crystalline structure so that
     each of the ferromagnetic layers exhibits uniaxial magnetic anisotropy,
     i.e. the magnetic moments of the ferromagnetic layers can lie only
     parallel or antiparallel to a single axis. Unlike GMR multilayers where
     all of the magnetic moments are affected simultaneously by the external
     magnetic field, in the present GMR sensor each ferromagnetic layer has its
     magnetic moment responsive to an external magnetic field strength that is
     different from the magnetic field strengths at which the magnetic moments
     of the other ferromagnetic layers are responsive. This allows each
     ferromagnetic layer to switch its magnetization direction from parallel to
     antiparallel, or vice versa, independently of the other ferromagnetic
     layers. This unique property of each ferromagnetic layer is accomplished
     by either selecting each ferromagnetic layer to have a different uniaxial
     magnetic anisotropy energy, such as by varying the strain during
     crystalline growth, or by subjecting each ferromagnetic layer to a
     different value of antiferromagnetic exchange coupling energy, such as by
     varying the thicknesses of the nonferromagnetic metal spacer layers. As a
     result, the resistance of the GMR sensor changes in stepped increments as
     the external magnetic field is varied, thereby providing a digital signal
     output. The digital GMR sensor can be used as a read head in a multiple
     data layer magnetic recording data storage system. In one disk drive
     embodiment, the magnetic recording disk has two magnetically isolated and
     decoupled magnetic data layers. The digital GMR sensor reads the written
     data bits from both data layers simultaneously, and it's digital output
     signal is then decoded by conventional logic circuitry to provide the
     separate data recorded in each of the data layers."
"A hard magnetic thin film magnetized in one direction is disposed on or in
     the vicinity of a magneto-resistive element upon which inclined electrodes
     are formed. A magnetic field from the hard magnetic film magnetizes the
     magneto-resistive element stably so that the element has a single magnetic
     domain. Thus, the magneto-resistive head is remarkably stable with respect
     to the disturbance magnetic field and inhibits Barkhausen noise from being
     produced. As a result, the magneto-resistive head reproduces stably and
     with an improved S/N ratio."
"An integrated magnetoresistive sensor includes a magnetoresistive element
     portion in which a plurality of resistors, each having a plurality of
     magnetoresistive elements, are aligned in an array. The magnetoresistive
     elements each have a single layer ferromagnetic thin film. The resistors
     are arranged so that two adjacent resistors have orthogonal maximum
     detection directions, respectively, and the plurality of resistors are
     connected to constitute a electrical circuit having a pair of opposing
     nodes. A comparison circuit portion compares outputs from the two opposing
     nodes and outputs a comparison result. The ferromagnetic thin film has
     NiFeCo as a major component. One of the plurality of resistors may have a
     different resistance when no magnetic field is applied relative to the
     remaining resistors."
"A magnetic sensor including a magnetoresistance effect element directed to
     prevent deterioration in the detection sensitivity occurring due to
     inversion of the magnetization of a plurality of ferromagnetic thin film
     stripes forming the magnetoresistance effect element with respect to the
     initial direction during the repeated operations, the magnetic sensor
     being arranged in such a manner that the magnetoresistance effect element
     is disposed at a position deviating from the center of the magnetic pole
     surface of a cylindrical magnet, preferably at a position deviating in a
     direction perpendicular to a direction in which the magnetic object to be
     detected is moved. The thus-employed arrangement enables a bias magnetic
     field to be applied to the magnetoresistance effect element in parallel to
     the deviation direction. Therefore, the magnetization of all of the
     plurality of the ferromagnetic thin film stripes forming the
     magnetoresistance effect element can be caused to face the same direction.
     As a result, the detection sensitivity can be stabilized because inversion
     of the magnetization can be prevented even if external magnetic fields are
     repeatedly applied."
"A magnetoresistance effect head is disclosed which is provided with a spin
     valve film of the three-layer laminate construction comprising a pair of
     magnetic layers made of a Co-based alloy and a nonmagnetic intermediate
     layer interposed between the pair of magnetic layers. This
     magnetoresistance effect head satisfies the expressions, 3.ltoreq.d.sub.1
     .ltoreq.7, 3.ltoreq.d.sub.2 .ltoreq.7, and 0.ltoreq. (d.sub.1
     -d.sub.2)/d.sub.1 .ltoreq.0.40, wherein d.sub.1 and d.sub.2 stand for the
     thicknesses (nm) of the pair of magnetic layers (providing d.sub.1
     .gtoreq.d.sub.2). A soft magnetic layer of high resistance is disposed
     contiguously to that of the pair of magnetic layers which has the
     direction of magnetization thereof varied by an external magnetic layer.
     The total thickness of this soft magnetic layer and the magnetic layer
     contiguous thereto is in the range of from 5 to 40 nm. In the case of a
     magnetoresistance effect head which is provided with a spin valve film of
     the five-layer laminate construction, the thicknesses (nm), d.sub.1 and
     d.sub.2, of the two outer magnetic layers similarly satisfy the conditions
     mentioned above. Further, the thickness (nm), d.sub.3, of the center
     magnetic layer satisfies the expression, 1.ltoreq.d.sub.3
     .ltoreq.2/3d.sub.1. As a result, the magnetoresistance effect head
     acquires the ability to produce a large rate of change of magnetic
     resistance with high repeatability."
"A magnetoresistance effect element includes a non-magnetic substrate, a
     ferromagnetic dispersion layer or a ferromagnetic layer, and a
     non-magnetic metal film. The ferromagnetic dispersion layer is a layer of
     a ferromagnetic metal or alloy that is independently and dispersedly
     formed on the substrate. The alternative ferromagnetic layer is a layer of
     a ferromagnetic metal or alloy that is formed on the substrate with a
     textured surface. The non-magnetic metal film is made of at least one
     atomic element having a non-soluble relation with the ferromagnetic metal
     or alloy, and is formed on the non-magnetic substrate and the
     ferromagnetic dispersion layer or the ferromagnetic layer."
"There is disclosed a magnetoresistance effect element including a
     multilayer constituted by a magnetic layers in which fine magnetic metal
     particles of crystalline or amorphous containing at least one element of
     Fe, Co, and Ni are dispersed in a matrix containing at least one element
     selected from the group consisting of noble metals and Cu, and
     non-magnetic layers containing a noble metal."
"A method and apparatus for storing data and for reducing the magnetic
     moment of a ferromagnetic material is provided incorporating a magnetic
     film, a blanket or patterned film of germanium adjacent the magnetic film,
     and means for heating the interface of the two films to at least
     200.degree. C. to permit diffusion of the germanium into the magnetic film
     and thereby reduce the magnetic moment. The invention overcomes the
     problem of forming recording tracks on storage media and patterning
     magnetic films for inductive and magneto resistive heads for retrieving
     data from moving storage media."
"A magnetic recording data storage system uses a medium substrate with
     multiple data layers formed on it and a magnetoresistive (MR) read sensor
     that provides a direct digital output as it reads data in all the data
     layers simultaneously. In one disk drive embodiment, the magnetic
     recording disk is a conventional disk substrate with two magnetically
     isolated and decoupled magnetic data layers formed on it. Data is written
     into each of the data layers independently by appropriate selection of the
     coercivity of the magnetic materials used in the data layers and the
     strength of the write current in an inductive write head. In one
     embodiment for independently writing to any of the data layers, the data
     layers are made of magnetic materials having different coercivity vs.
     temperature dependencies, and the disk is heated (or not heated) prior to
     writing with a write field that affects only one of the data layers. The
     magnetic field strength from written data in each of the data layers is
     different from that of the other data layers so that the data can be
     distinguished by the MR read sensor. The preferred MR read sensor for the
     multiple data layer disk is a multilayer of alternating ferromagnetic
     layers and nonferromagnetic metal spacer layers based on the giant
     magnetoresistive (GMR) effect. However, in the present GMR sensor each
     ferromagnetic layer has its magnetic moment responsive to an external
     magnetic field strength that is different from the magnetic field
     strengths at which the magnetic moments of the other ferromagnetic layers
     are responsive. This allows each ferromagnetic layer in the GMR sensor to
     switch its magnetization direction from parallel to antiparallel, or vice
     versa, independently of the other ferromagnetic layers."
"A magneto-resistive (MR) head has an MR layer in a space formed by shield
     layers by providing a distance enough to protect magnetic flux, flowing
     through the MR layer from a recording medium through a gap formed by the
     shield layers, from leaking out to the shield layers. A flux guide is
     provided between the MR layer and the gap and has an end magnetically
     connected to the MR extending over an effective area of the MR head, and
     another end having a width a little narrower than a width of track of the
     recording medium. A side of the MR layer, opposite to the side connected
     with the flux guide layer is placed in a narrow space formed at a corner
     of the space. Magnetic flux leaked from the gap due to a sense current
     flowing through the MR layer is eliminated by making a current flow
     through a recording coil layer or through an electrically conductive layer
     placed in the space."
"A magnetic recording system uses an improved spin valve magnetoresistive
     (SVMR) sensor. The SVMR sensor has a self-pinned laminated layer as the
     pinned ferromagnetic layer in place of the conventional single-layer
     pinned layer. Because this laminated layer is ""self-pinned"", a hard bias
     or exchange bias layer is not needed. The self-pinned laminated layer has
     at least two ferromagnetic films antiferromagnetically coupled to one
     another across a thin antiferromagnetically (AF) coupling film. Since the
     two ferromagnetic films in this laminated layer have their magnetic
     moments aligned antiparallel, their two magnetic moments can be made to
     essentially cancel by making the two ferromagnetic films of substantially
     the same thickness. The magnetic field energy generated by the signal
     field acting on this laminated layer will be significantly less than the
     effective anisotropy energy of the laminated layer. This is because the
     former is proportional to the difference in thicknesses of the two
     ferromagnetic films in the laminated layer, while the latter is
     proportional to the sum of the thicknesses. As a result, the laminated
     layer will not rotate in the presence of the signal field, but will be
     ""self-pinned"". The elimination of the exchange bias layer previously
     required for pinning also eliminates the need for Ni--Mn and its
     associated high-temperature process."
"An anti-counterfeit security device for documents in general in the form of
     a tape-like or filament-like supporting element made of polyester. On the
     tape or filament, a first security element is provided which can be
     detected by devices and is constituted by regions made of a material which
     can be detected by magnetoresistors and are arranged in succession to
     generate a signal that can be decoded by the magnetoresistors, and a
     second security element is also provided, visually detectable in
     transmitted light, which is constituted by portions of the regions that
     are free from the magnetoresistor-detectable material in order to form
     graphic markings optically perceivable in transmitted light."
"A magnetic field sensor includes a number of magnetoresistive sensor
     elements situated in one plane, and which have the same privileged
     directions of magnetization, and a magnetization coil connected to a
     current pulse generator which alternately supplies the magnetization coil
     with opposite current pulses to generate a magnetic field which extends
     parallel to the privileged directions of the sensor elements and is strong
     enough to reverse the direction of internal magnetization thereof The
     magnetization coil includes an electrically insulating substrate which
     supports an approximately spiral-shaped electric conductor track including
     a group of parallel arranged active conductor elements. An electric
     current flows through the conductor track in the same direction in all
     active conductor elements of the relevant group. The magnetic field sensor
     is mounted on the substrate in the immediate vicinity of the group of
     active conductor elements such that the plane of the sensor elements
     extends substantially parallel to the plane of the active conductor
     elements and the privileged direction of magnetization of the sensor
     elements extends perpendicular to the longitudinal direction of the active
     conductor elements."
"An MR read transducer is provided which has a central region located
     between a pair of end regions. The central region and the pair of end
     regions extend along a width of the MR read transducer. An MR layer
     extends along the width of the MR read transducer and has an active layer
     portion located between a pair of passive layer portions, the active layer
     portion being located in the central region and each passive layer portion
     being located in a respective end region. A layer is located in the
     central region and magnetostatically coupled to the active layer portion
     of the MR layer for transversely biasing the MR layer. Each passive layer
     portion of the MR layer is permeable so that it is responsive to
     externally applied magnetic fields. The passive layer portions of the MR
     layer are the only permeable portions of the MR read transducer in the end
     regions of the MR read transducer, so a response by either passive layer
     of the MR layer to a magnetic signal will result in a supralinearly
     increased net response of the active portion of the MR layer to the same
     applied magnetic field signal. This arrangement increases the amplitude
     and the sharpness of the peak of a signal response of the MR read
     transducer to the field from a recorded transition."
"A magneto-optical recording disc adapted for magneto-optical recording in
     the magnetic field modulation system by means of a magnetic head in
     continuous contact with the disc includes a recording layer on a substrate
     and a wear resistant resinous coating thereon. The coating is formed of a
     resin containing carbon particles having a mean particle size of 1 to 15
     .mu.m. The magnetic head is in sliding contact with the surface of the
     coating during operation. The coating is effective for reducing friction
     with the magnetic head and retains such reduced friction over a long time."
"According to the present grinding method, a plurality of optical markers
     are formed by photolithography such that the markers are embedded in a
     chiplet having a magnetic head. Markers are preferably in the shape of a
     bar having predetermined height, width and length and are spaced from each
     other by a predetermined distance where one end of the bars are
     sequentially offset from each other by a predetermined amount. During
     coarse grinding of the magnetic head as the magnetic head surface material
     is ground away, the end-face of the bars, one at a time, become visible.
     The closer the grinding surface approaches the desired inductive throat or
     MR element height, more end-faces become visible. Coarse grinding
     continues until a predetermined number of end-faces become visible at
     which point the grinding process is terminated and the magnetic head is
     ready for the final lapping process."
"Hybrid imaging (HI) sequences used for magnetic resonance (MR) imaging and
     inherently degraded by T2 effects and additive measurement noise are
     enhanced. Wiener filter and linear prediction (LP) technique is used to
     process HI MR signals in the spatial frequency domain (K-space) and the
     hybrid domain respectively. Based on the average amplitude symmetry
     constraint of the spin echo signal, the amplitude frequency response
     function of the T2 distortion is estimated and used in the Weiner filter
     for a global T2 amplitude restoration. Then a linear prediction technique
     is utilized to obtain local signal amplitude and phase estimates around
     discontinuities of the frequency response function of the equivalent T2
     distortion filter. These estimates are used to make local amplitude and
     phase corrections. The effectiveness of this combined technique in
     correction T2 distortion and reducing the measurement noise is analyzed
     and demonstrated using experiments on both phantoms and humans."
"A magnetoresistance effect element comprises the multilayer formed by
     alternately stacking magnetic and nonmagnetic layers. The magnetic layers
     containing at least two magnetic elements selected from a group of
     magnetic elements consisting of Fe, Co and Ni. Any two magnetic layers
     adjacent to each other with one of the nonmagnetic layer interposed
     therebetween are antiferro-magnetically coupled under a condition where a
     magnetic field is not substantially applied thereto."
"A magnetoresistive head includes an antiferromagnetic portion interposed
     between first and second spin-valve units. Sense current supply directions
     through the first and second spin-valve units are perpendicular to a head
     facing surface of a magnetic recording medium. The first spin-valve unit
     is formed of a first inner magnetic film, a first outer magnetic film and
     a nonmagnetic film interposed between and in direct physical contact with
     the first inner magnetic film and the first outer magnetic film. The
     second spin-valve unit is formed of a second inner magnetic film, a second
     outer magnetic film and a nonmagnetic film interposed between and in
     direct physical contact with the second inner magnetic film and the second
     outer magnetic film. The antiferromagnetic portion is formed of a first
     antiferromagnetic sublayer and a second antiferromagnetic sublayer
     laminated on the first antiferromagnetic sublayer. The first
     antiferromagnetic sublayer is in contact with the first inner magnetic
     film to apply a first exchange bias magnetic field to the first inner
     magnetic film in a direction perpendicular to the head facing surface of
     the magnetic recording medium. The second antiferromagnetic sublayer is in
     contact with the second inner magnetic film to apply a second exchange
     bias magnetic field to the second inner magnetic film in a direction
     perpendicular to the surface of the magnetic recording medium. The second
     exchange bias magnetic field has a polarity opposite to that of the first
     exchange bias magnetic field."
"In a disk drive actuator head stack assembly, magnetic transducers
     including magnetoresistive (MR) read heads are connected to a current
     source and configured to provide an MR sensor current to each MR head
     wherein the direction of current flow for the MR sensor current in each MR
     head is the same relative to the actuator for all of the MR heads in the
     actuator head stack. This configuration allows all of the MR heads in the
     head stack assembly to be initialized simultaneously by applying a
     homogeneous magnetic field to the head stack assembly, thus providing the
     capability of initializing the MR heads at the actuator or disk drive
     level rather than requiring that the MR heads be initialized individually."
"A magnetoresistive read sensor based on the spin valve effect in which a
     component of the read element resistance varies as the cosine of the angle
     between the magnetization directions in two adjacent magnetic layers is
     described. The sensor read element includes two adjacent ferromagnetic
     layers separated by a nonmagnetic metallic layer. A layer of
     antiferromagnetic material is formed over one of the ferromagnetic layers
     to provide an exchange bias field which fixes or ""pins"" the magnetization
     direction in the one ferromagnetic layer. An interlayer of magnetically
     soft material is deposited between the ferromagnetic and antiferromagnetic
     layers separating the ferromagnetic layer from the antiferromagnetic layer
     and enhancing the exchange coupling, particularly in the instance where
     the ferromagnetic material is iron or an iron alloy."
"A position detector which provides improved reference position detecting
     precision by stabilizing the output signal from magnetoelectric
     transducers in a reference position part. A rotor has a magnetized surface
     alternately provided with different magnetic poles and a reference
     positional part in which magnetic poles provided on the magnetized surface
     are partly omitted. A rotational angle sensor has MR elements laid out
     thereon in opposition to the magnetized surface of the rotor to output the
     voltage signal VS according to the magnetic field intensity in the
     magnetized surface due to the rotation of the rotor. A waveform processing
     circuit and a pulse signal processing signal shape the waveform of the
     voltage signal from the rotational angle sensor, and also generate the
     rotational angle pulse signal and a reference position pulse signal
     according to the waveform reforming signal. The reference positional part
     is arranged so that the magnetic field intensity therein can be within the
     saturation magnetic field region of the Mr elements."
"A soft adjacent layer biased magnetoresistive (""MR"") device, and a method
     for producing the same, which incorporates a natural flux closure design
     utilizing coplanar thin film permanent magnets to stabilize the device
     while obviating induced domain walls in the magnetoresistive and soft
     adjacent layers (""SAL""). The device structure includes an SAL film and
     overlying magnetic spacer layer (""MSL"") in conjunction with an MR film to
     produce an SAL biased magnetoresistive structure (""MRS"") with the MR layer
     patterned to a shortened length with respect to the SAL and MSL layers. A
     non-magnetic metal or dielectric separation layer of on the order of
     20-300 angstroms ("".ANG."") is then deposited over the MSL layer and the
     sides of the MR layer followed by the deposition of permanent magnet layer
     portions substantially coplanar with the MR layer to produce a low energy
     equilibria device with high sensitivity and superior signal output."
"A variable resistance device capable of utilizing a variable viscosity
     material, such as an electro-rheological fluid or a magneto-rheological
     fluid. In one embodiment, a moving member is provided having at least one
     projecting member for defining a flow path of the variable viscosity
     material, and for maintaining a precise gap distance between the moving
     member and other components of the variable resistance device. The moving
     member engages a shaft so that the moving member is rotatable by the shaft
     about the longitudinal axis of the shaft, and is also slidable on the
     shaft along the longitudinal axis. A controllable force dampener device is
     also provided. In one embodiment, a first expandable bellows and a second
     expandable is seperated by an ER fluid (or MR fluid) valve for
     controllably restricting the flow of the variable viscosity material
     between the first bellows and the second bellows to effect active force
     dampening. The variable resistance device and the force dampener are
     incorporated into a drive train/braking system and suspension system of a
     vehicle. Other uses of the inventive variable resistance device include a
     high efficiency wind-to-energy generator, a reel for the controlled
     unwinding of a line, a variable resistance exercise device, a safety brake
     for a circular saw, and other applications where controlled resistance is
     desired. Other uses of the force dampener include earthquake-proof
     buildings, dampening vibration of a helicopter rotor or airplane
     propeller, a high-precision weapons mount, engine mounts, and other
     applications where active controllable dampening of force is desired."
"In a magnetic recording drive having a plurality of magnetic heads each
     employing a magnetoresistive sensor for the purpose of averaging the time
     required for sense currents to be caused to flow through the respective
     magnetoresistive sensors to shorten the longest reproducing time and to
     suppress the degradation of the characteristics due to the
     electromigration, thereby improving the reliability of the magnetic
     recording drive, the magnetic recording drive includes circuits for
     averaging the useful life depending on the currents caused to flow through
     the respective magnetoresistive sensors among the plurality of magnetic
     heads, whereby the time required for the sense current to be caused to
     flow through one MR reproducing head is greatly shortened. Therefore, the
     levels of outputs of the MR reproducing heads can be increased without
     reduction of the reliability and thus the reliability of the magnetic
     recording drive can be improved."
"A method and apparatus for storing data and for reducing the magnetic
     moment of a ferromagnetic material is provided incorporating a magnetic
     film, a blanket or patterned film of germanium adjacent the magnetic film,
     and means for heating the interface of the two films to at least
     200.degree. C. to permit diffusion of the germanium into the magnetic film
     and thereby reduce the magnetic moment. The invention overcomes the
     problem of forming recording tracks on storage media and patterning
     magnetic films for inductive and magneto resistive heads for retrieving
     data from moving storage media."
"A linear positional displacement detector including a magnetic sensor unit
     (23) having a magnetic sensing surface formed by a ferromagnetic
     magnetoresistance element (23a) having a predetermined pattern, and an
     elongated permanent magnet (22) having a magnetic pole face (22a) at each
     end. The permanent magnet (22) is movable along its longitudinal axis and
     magnetically coupled with the magnetic sensor unit (23) with the
     longitudinal axis positioned on an extended surface of the magnetic
     sensing surface (23b). A positional displacement of the permanent magnet
     (22) along the longitudinal axis is detected as a change in the direction
     of a magnetic flux crossing in parallel the magnetic sensing surface
     (23b)."
"A magnetoresistive layered structure having on a substrate two or more
     magnetoresistive, anisotropic ferromagnetic thin-films each two of which
     are separated by an intermediate layer on a substrate of less than 50
     .ANG. thickness formed of a substantially nonmagnetic, conductive alloy
     having two immiscible components therein. A further component to provide
     temperature stability in some circumstances is to be at least partially
     miscible in the first two components. Such structures can be formed as a
     sensor by having them electrically connected together with one positioned
     in a gap between magnetic material masses and one shielded by one of such
     masses."
"A method of constructing a narrow gap magnetoresistive (MR) read head is
     provided which prevents shorting between lead layers and shield layers.
     This is accomplished by a two-step process of depositing first gap layers
     before an MR sensor is deposited and a two-step process of depositing
     second gap layers after the MR sensor is formed. A very thin first gap
     layer is deposited on a first shield layer. A first MR region is then
     masked and a first gap pre-fill layer is deposited. The mask is lifted off
     leaving the first gap pre-fill layer everywhere except in the first MR
     region. An MR sensor and first and second leads are formed by various
     novel arrangements resulting in contiguous junctions or continuous spacer
     junctions therebetween. After completion of the MR sensor and leads, a
     very thin second gap layer is deposited. A second MR region, which
     encompasses the MR sensor, is masked and a second gap pre-fill layer is
     deposited. The mask is then lifted off leaving the second gap pre-fill
     layer located everywhere except in the second MR region. The result is
     that very thin first and second gap layers are located in the MR regions
     below and above the MR sensor to provide the MR head with high linear
     resolution, and the first gap layer and the first gap pre-fill layer are
     located between the leads and the first shield layer, and the second gap
     layer and the second gap pre-fill layer are located between the leads and
     the second shield layer to prevent shorting between the lead layers and
     the shield layers."
"An artificial lattice film is constituted as a multilayered film in which
     magnetic layers containing Cu of 1.about.50 atomic percentage and at least
     one component selected from Fe, Ni and Co and conductive layers are
     stacked one after another. By forming such an artificial lattice film on a
     non-magnetic substrate, a magneto-resistance effect element having
     excellent characteristic for use as magnetic head or magnetic sensor is
     provided."
"A positioning control system for performing recording/reproducing
     operations by irradiating an optical beam to predetermined position on an
     optically recording medium, e,g., magneto-optical disk, includes a
     photo-detector constituted by at least two-divisional units; and a
     servo-error signal generating circuit which can generate at least one
     servo-error signal in accordance with a difference between the detection
     currents. Preferably, servo-error signal generating circuit includes at
     least one division circuit that has two pairs of transistors, two emitters
     in each pair of transistors being connected together into a common
     emitter, bias voltages of direct current type being applied to the
     respective bases of transistors on one side, the respective collectors of
     the transistors on one side being connected to a common connecting portion
     via resistors, the common connecting portion being connected to a power
     supply, the respective bases of transistors on the other side being
     connected together into a common base; and an integrating capacitor which
     is connected to the common base of transistors on the other side, and
     which integrates a difference between the current flowing through the
     common connecting portion and the reference current, to apply the thus
     integrated difference to the common base of transistors on the other side.
     Further, preferably, the photo-detector is connected to the common
     emitters in the respective pairs of transistors, so that the detection
     currents can flow through the common emitters."
"A method for forming a giant magnetoresistance sensor and method for making
     is described incorporating an oriented granular layer wherein the layer
     has a copper matrix with magnetic particles of a nickel cobalt alloy
     wherein the magnetic particles have a magnetocrystalline anisotropy
     constant K.sub.1 in the range from 0 to 3.times.10.sup.4 ergs/cm.sup.3.
     Alternatively, a silver or gold matrix may be used with magnetic particles
     of a nickel-iron alloy. The granular layer preferably has a (100) texture
     to provide the magnetic particles with their easy axes in the plane of the
     layer. The magnetic particles have their largest dimension in the range
     from 40 to 400 angstroms. The invention overcomes the problem of requiring
     a large magnetic field to obtain the saturation .DELTA.R/R. By providing a
     granular film with magnetic particles of low anisotropy, the saturation
     field to obtain .DELTA.R/R may be as low as 10 to 20 Oe."
"A geomagnetic direction sensor has a substrate, at least two
     magneto-resistive effect devices and a coil for generating the bias
     magnetic field. The substrate retains shape symmetry when rotated through
     90.degree. and includes plural magnetic cores for converging the
     geomagnetism. The magnetic cores are arrayed circumferentially of the
     substrate and interconnected with one another by a non-magnetic material.
     At least two magneto-resistive effect devices are provided in register
     with the magnetic gaps so as to be substantially at right angles to one
     another and to the direction of the magnetic field of the geomagnetism in
     the magnetic gap region. The substrate also includes a coil for generating
     a bias magnetic field for impressing a bias magnetic field to each of the
     magneto-resistive effect devices."
"A disc drive recording head which senses magnetic flux from a storage
     medium includes an MR sensor positioned on a trailing surface of a disc
     drive slider. First and second electrical contacts connect the MR sensor
     to first and second pads positioned on the trailing surface of the MR
     slider and minimizes an inductive voltage induced from the storage medium
     during the sensing of the magnetic flux."
"A magnetic recording and reproducing device using a giant magnetoresistive
     film for providing high detection sensitivity. In the giant
     magnetoresistive film comprising a conductive nonmagnetic film, first and
     second conductive ferromagnetic films, a magnetization fixing film for
     fixing a magnetization direction of the first ferromagnetic film, and a
     pair of electrodes for making a detection current flow, when no external
     magnetic field is received and no detection current flows, a magnetization
     direction of the second ferromagnetic film is made non-orthogonal to the
     magnetization direction of the first ferromagnetic film. Magnitude of the
     detection current is determined so that when no external magnetic field is
     received and detection current flows, they are orthogonal to each other
     upon receipt of a magnetic field due to the detection current."
"A magnetoresistive sensor may be constructed with material having a
     perovskite-like crystal structure and an increased magnetoresistive
     effect. The material is based on the composition (A1).sub.1-x (A2).sub.x
     MnO.sub.z, with A1 (trivalent) selected from Y, La, or a lanthanide, A2
     (bivalent) from an alkaline-earth metal or Pb, and with
     0.1.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.0.9 and 2.0.ltoreq.z.ltoreq.3.5. The sensor contains a
     layer system with at least two layers with different materials, but in
     each case in the context of the aforesaid composition, which is selected
     so that the temperature correlation of the electrical resistance is
     relatively small. The two layers of the layer system can also be united
     into a single layer structure with a concentration gradient."
"A magnetoresistive transducer has a sensor which includes a magnetic layer
     and an interdiffusion layer. An active central region of the sensor
     extends between two passive end regions which are used to magnetically
     bias the active central region longitudinally. The biasing function is
     attained by fabricating the transducer on a wafer in an H-configuration,
     with the crossbar of the H as the active central region and a portion of
     the side legs as the passive end regions. When short current pulses are
     passed through the side legs of the H, the associated heating of the side
     legs (but not the crossbar of the H) causes interdiffusion between the
     interdiffusion layer and the magnetic layer and transforms the magnetic
     layer from soft magnetism to hard magnetism as required for the biasing
     function. The wafer is diced near the crossbar of the H and then processed
     further to form the finished transducer."
"A magnetic field sensor uses four individual magnetoresistive spin valve
     elements electrically connected in a bridge circuit. The spin valve
     elements are lithographically formed on the same substrate with their free
     layers having their magnetization axes parallel to one another. An
     electrically conductive fixing layer is formed on the substrate but is
     insulated from the spin valve elements. The application of current through
     the fixing conductor during fabrication of the field sensor fixes the
     direction of magnetization of two of the pinned layers to be antiparallel
     to the direction of magnetization of the other two pinned layers. The
     bridge circuit output voltage is responsive to an external magnetic field
     in the plane of the sensor. By appropriate fixing of the direction of
     magnetization of the pinned layers during sensor fabrication, and
     appropriate connection to the input and output leads, the bridge circuit
     output voltage is a measure of either the magnetic field or field
     gradient. The fixing conductor, or a separate current strap formed on the
     substrate, can be used to pass an unknown current over the sensor, in
     which case the bridge circuit output voltage is a measure of the unknown
     current."
"The object of the present invention is to provide a small precise
     insulating type current sensor system.
Sensing portion is composed of a magnetoresistance element, a bias
     conductor, and a current conductor, all of which are arranged on an
     insulating substrate. Resistance change of the magnetoresistance element
     is taken into an amplifier, and an output of the amplifier flows as a bias
     current to the bias conductor. When a current flows in the current
     conductor, the current causes a magnetic field and the resistance of the
     magnetoresistance element must be changed. However a feedback of the
     resistance change by the amplifier changes the bias current and controls
     the bias current for keeping the magnetic field of the magnetoresistance
     element at a constant. Accordingly, the insulation type current sensing
     with a wide range and preferable preciseness without being affected with a
     hysteresis of the magnetoresistance element and Barkhausen noise became
     possible."
"An arrangement for reading out an information signal from a magnetic record
     carrier. The arrangement includes a read head having a magneto-resistive
     element with a first terminal connected to a first point of constant
     potential, and a second terminal; a bias-current generator having an
     output for supplying a bias-current to the MR element and an amplifier
     circuit having a first terminal coupled to the output of the bias-current
     generator, and a second terminal coupled to the second terminal of the MR
     so as to form a series arrangement of the bias-current generator, the
     amplifier circuit and the MR element. At an output terminal of the
     amplifier circuit, the information signal is available. The amplifier
     circuit includes a MOS transistor connected between the output terminal
     and the second terminal; and a feedback circuit, including a resistor and
     a capacitor, having a low cut-off frequency which provides a bias voltage
     to the gate of the MOS transistor and forces the entire bias-current of
     the bias-current generator to flow through the MR element The arrangement
     is balanced with an additional MR element (optional), bias-current
     generator and amplifier circuit, which are substantially the same as the
     MR element, bias-current generator and amplifier circuit, respectively,
     with the cut-off capacitors of the two individual amplifiers being
     cross-coupled to reduce noise."
"A peak detector for extracting pulses in a magnetoresistive sensor circuit
     while suppressing the recovery transients created by thermal asperities.
     The disclosed peak detector circuit is a simplified variation of the
     standard magnetoresistive sensor peak detector circuit. The signal
     differentiation is performed ahead of the usual amplification to remove
     transient pulse amplitudes before they can affect the AGC gain. The
     resulting differentiated signal is processed by a modified amplitude
     qualification circuit to extract data output pulses. The thermal asperity
     transient recovery period is eliminated without additional circuit
     complexity, leaving only the initial thermal asperity pulse effects to be
     corrected by any suitable relatively simple error correction code (ECC)."
"A magnetic sensor device having output characteristics with high precision
     and a method of manufacturing the same. A thick film resistor is trimmed
     while a magnetic field is applied to a circuit board at a predetermined
     angle, thereby adjusting output characteristics of a hybrid integrated
     circuit on the circuit board and eliminating undesirable misalignment of
     the mounting position between an MR device and the circuit board.
     Subsequently, a dowel recess used as a first positioning member formed on
     the circuit board receives a dowel projection used as a second positioning
     member formed on a frame, the dowel projection complementary to the dowel
     recess, thus positioning and assembling the circuit board into the frame.
     The output characteristics obtained during trimming conform with those
     after assembly, thus obtaining a magnetic sensor device having output
     characteristics with high precision and achieving correct detection as a
     sensor."
"A system for lapping a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor on a slider to a proper
     height is disclosed. The system comprises simultaneously lapping the MR
     lap monitor and the MR sensor positioned on the slider until a resistance
     of a variable resistor located within the MR lap monitor is approximately
     equal to a resistance of a target resistor located within the MR lap
     monitor. During the lapping process, a reference resistor located within
     the lap monitor is compared to both the variable and target resistors to
     prevent a lapping failure. In one preferred embodiment, the reference,
     target, and variable resistors are formed from a ferromagnetic metal
     alloy. The MR lap monitor and the MR sensor are lapped until a height of
     the ferromagnetic metal alloy forming the variable resistor is
     approximately equal to a height of the ferromagnetic metal alloy forming
     the target resistor."
"A process of making an MR head having its MR stripe protected from
     electro-static discharge (ESD) on a slider, such as titanium carbide. The
     MR stripe is protected by a plurality of silicon integrated circuit
     devices which conduct ESD-induced current from the MR stripe to larger
     components in the MR head such as the first and second shield layers and
     the coil layer. In a preferred embodiment the integrated circuit devices
     and interconnects are constructed in a single crystal silicon chip. The
     silicon chip is fixedly mounted to a trailing edge of the slider and the
     MR head is mounted on a trailing edge of the silicon chip adjacent the
     integrated circuit devices. The invention includes a method of mass
     producing sliders by combining thin film technology for making MR heads
     with integrated circuit technology for making integrated circuit devices.
     These technologies are combined at the row level to ultimate completion of
     individual sliders. A silicon wafer, including the integrated circuit
     devices, is sliced into a plurality of silicon bars, each bar including a
     row of circuit devices. A plurality of rows and columns of MR heads are
     constructed on a ceramic wafer. The ceramic wafer is then also sliced into
     bars, each bar including a row of MR heads. Each silicon bar is then
     bonded to a ceramic bar, forming composite bars of MR heads electrically
     connected to the circuit devices. Each composite bar is then further
     processed and diced into individual sliders, each slider carrying an MR
     head which is ESD protected."
"A magnetoresistive head is provided which includes a magnetoresistive thin
     film sensing element. The sensing element has film surfaces which are
     bounded by top and bottom surfaces and side surfaces, the bottom surface
     forming a portion of an air bearing surface. First and second thin film
     gap layers and first and second thin film shield layers are provided. The
     magnetoresistive element and between the first and second gap layers. The
     magnetoresistive element, the first and second gap layers are located
     between the first and second shield layers. One end of the MR element is
     electrically shorted to the first shield layer, and an opposite end of the
     MR element is electrically shorted to the second shield layer. This
     arrangement makes each shield layer serve as current carrying leads for
     the magnetoresistive head. By eliminating prior art current carrying lead
     layers, the electrical shorting problem is minimized because the gap
     insulation between the shields is twice the thickness of the gap
     insulation between the leads and the shields of prior art heads."
"A thin film orthogonal MR head is provided which includes a single MR
     stripe, a first lead layer which has first and second ends and a second
     lead layer which has first and second ends, the first end of the first
     lead layer being connected to the bottom portion of the MR stripe and the
     first end of the second lead layer being connected to a top portion of the
     MR stripe. First and second terminals are provided, the second end of the
     first layer being connected to the first terminal and the second end of
     the second lead layer being connected to the second terminal. The second
     lead layer extends across the MR stripe between the top and bottom
     portions of the MR stripe so as to induce a magnetic bias field into the
     MR stripe when a sense current is conducted through the MR stripe via the
     first and second terminals. Only the first and second terminals are
     employed for providing sense current for the MR stripe and transverse
     biasing of the MR stripe. The first lead is substantially planar across a
     bottom portion of the MR stripe so that a well formed second pole tip of a
     write head portion can be constructed."
"A distributed impedance circuit MR coil design comprised of a transmission
     line tunable cavity resonator which is well suited for but not limited to
     use at high frequencies and for large volumes such as in high field (e.g.
     4.1 tesla) clinical MR applications. The distributed circuit transmission
     line resonator is designed for high frequency, large conductive volume
     applications where conventional lumped element coil designs fail. A
     resonant coaxial cavity is variably tuned to the Larmor frequency of
     interest by tunable transmission line elements. The resonator is effective
     for large head and body sized volumes, high efficiencies, and broad tuning
     ranges to frequencies of 500 MHz. The B.sub.1 homogeneity of the resonator
     is a function of the electromagnetic properties of the load itself.
     Maxwell's equations for the fully time-dependent B.sub.1 field predicts
     ""coil"" homogeneity with finite-element models of anatomic structure. Coil
     design and construction, and methods of quadrature driving and double
     tuning the transmission line resonator, are set forth."
"In a magnetoresistive effect head comprising a ferromagnetic
     magnetoresistive effect layer, an inverse ferromagnetic layer (3) for
     generating a longitudinal bias magnetic field by an exchange force with
     respect to the ferromagnetic magnetoresistive effect layer (4), a ground
     layer (2) having a face-centered cubic structure is provided on only a
     portion of the anti-ferromagnetic layer. In the magnetoresistive effect
     head further comprising a soft magnetic bias-assistant layer (12) for a
     transversal bias magnetic field in the ferromagnetic magnetoresistive
     effect layer (15), the soft magnetic bias-assistant layer (12) has a
     crystal structure other than a face-centered cubic structure, the ground
     layer (13) having a face-centered cubic structure is provided on only a
     portion of the anti-ferromagnetic layer (14)."
"In a combined thin film magnetic head comprising reading and recording
     parts which are formed on a main surface of a non-magnetic substrate for
     magnetically reading and recording information on a magnetic recording
     medium, the reading part comprises an under shield pattern, an upper
     shield pattern, and a magneto-resistive element formed between the under
     and the upper shield patterns. The under and the upper shield patterns
     have restricted areas which are much smaller than the main surface of the
     non-magnetic substrate. The recording part comprises a conductor member
     with a coil pattern. An outer periphery portion of the coil pattern is out
     of a forming area which is for forming the reading part."
"A magnetic disk system comprises a magnetic head for writing data on and
     reading data from a magnetic disk as a recording medium and a magnetic
     disk unit having a head positioning mechanism for positioning the magnetic
     head on a selected track of the magnetic disk without forming servo
     information on the magnetic disk. The magnetic head comprises an MR film
     which is disposed parallel to the direction of the width of a track of the
     magnetic disk, current supplying electrodes disposed to be in contact with
     both ends of the magnetic film which are opposed in the direction of the
     track width and a signal detecting electrode disposed between the current
     supplying electrodes to be in contact with the MR film. The width of the
     signal detecting electrode is less than 1/3 of that of the current
     supplying electrodes. The magnetic disk system permits highly accurate
     alignment of the magnetic head with closely spaced tracks."
"A polar coordinates sensor probe, having a plurality of circularly arranged
     pick-up poles driven by a rotating magnetic field originating in a hollow
     toroid core, for detecting the reflected rotating eddy current pattern in
     material (both ferrous and non-ferrous) surrounding fastener holes,
     wherein the flaw is detected by means of mutual phase-amplitude comparison
     and adjacent pick-up pole signal phase deviation. The second embodiment
     having an isolated multi-pole pick-up core, picking up a rotating figure 8
     eddy current pattern. Also embodiments utilizing Hall effect and
     magnetoresistive devices with the rotating magnetic field for flaw
     detection."
"An MR sensor having improved current density distribution, reduced overall
     resistance and a substantially planar surface is disclosed. The MR sensor
     includes an MR layer having first and second outer regions and an active
     region located between the first and second outer regions. A first
     permanent magnet region is formed upon the first MR layer outer region and
     defines a first boundary of the MR layer active region. A second permanent
     magnet region is formed upon the second MR layer outer region and defines
     a second boundary of the MR layer active region so that a gap region is
     positioned at least partially between the first and second permanent
     magnet regions. A spacer layer is formed on the MR layer active region
     between the first and second permanent magnet regions. A soft adjacent
     layer is formed in the active region and upon the spacer layer, and, in
     some preferred embodiments, also at least partially upon the permanent
     magnet region."
"A direct access storage device includes at least one disk mounted for
     rotation about an axis and having opposed disk surfaces for storing data.
     A magneto-resistive (MR) transducer head is mounted for movement across
     each respective disk surface for writing to and for reading data signals
     from the disk surface. Each MR transducer head includes a write element
     and a read element. A preamplifier, associated with the MR transducer
     head, amplifies read and write signals of the read element and the write
     element. A flex cable couples the read and write signals between the
     preamplifier and the MR transducer heads. The flex cable includes a common
     read return signal line for each sequential pair of the MR transducer
     heads."
"An RF probe including: two coils for detecting MR signals which are
     arranged at positions which face each other at a predetermined distance;
     an apparatus for changing a distance between those coils; and an apparatus
     for reducing a high frequency coupling between the two coils which is
     caused due to a change in distance between the coils, in accordance with
     the distance between the coils."
"A magnetoresistive magnetic field sensor with a very long active region and
     a transduction signal of adequate power is achieved without the need to
     substantially increase voltage or current densities. The sensor is
     subdivided into multiple sub-elements which are connected in parallel. The
     transduction signal is produced from the sum of the changes in voltage
     across each of the sub-elements."
"A magnetic assembly for detection and authentication of magnetic documents.
     The magnetic assembly includes a permanent magnet (PM), first and second
     magnetically soft high permeability pole pieces shaped to form a tapered,
     variable gap size magnetic circuit with the permanent magnet. The PM is
     located at a first gap between the first and second pole pieces. A
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensing element is located at or near the center of
     a second gap between said first and second pole pieces. The second gap and
     MR sensing element are proximate a magnetic document to be sensed."
"A method of manufacturing a magneto-electric conversion device having a
     large rate of change of magnetic resistance and which is easy to position
     with respect to a magnetized surface, and a moving subject displacement
     detector using a magneto-electric conversion device manufactured by that
     method. A magnet which rotates together with the rotation of a drive gear
     is magnetized in alternately differing north and south poles, arranged in
     an equal sized section from a center portion thereof. An IC chip is
     positioned opposite to and at a distance from the magnetized surface of
     the magnet. Magneto-electric conversion devices are located on the IC
     chip. These magneto-electric conversion devices are formed by repeated
     alternate depositions, onto a surface of a single-crystal silicon
     substrate, of magnetic cobalt films having a thickness of several to
     several tens of angstroms and non-magnetic copper films having a thickness
     of several to several tens of angstroms."
"A superconducting magnetoresistive element has superconducting portions
     having a high critical current density and weak-coupling portions having a
     low critical current density. The superconducting portions and
     weak-coupling portions are alternately arranged and connected in series.
     The superconducting magnetoresistive element is fabricated, for example,
     by forming semiconductor films at a plurality of sites on a substrate in a
     manner that the semiconductor films are spaced from each other, then
     forming a superconducting thin film all over the substrate and processing
     the superconducting thin film into a line pattern which passes over the
     plurality of semiconductor films, and heat-treating the substrate to
     diffuse a constituent element of the semiconductor films in the
     superconducting thin film. Portions of the superconducting thin film
     overlying the semiconductor films become the weak-coupling portions and
     the rest portions of the superconducting thin film become the
     superconducting portions."
"It is an object of the present invention to provide a magnetoresistance
     effect element which has a film with a spin valve structure or an
     artificial lattice film having good soft magnetic characteristics, and
     which can be applied to a high-sensitivity magnetic head. The present
     invention provides a magnetoresistance effect element including a stacked
     film formed on a substrate by sequentially stacking a ferromagnetic film
     containing as its main constituents at least one elements selected from
     the group consisting of Co, Fe, and Ni, a nonmagnetic film, and the
     ferromagnetic film, wherein the two ferromagnetic films are not coupled
     with each other, and the closest packed plane of each ferromagnetic film
     is oriented in a direction perpendicular to the film surface."
"A magnetoresistance ratio of 200% (absolute value) or more at room
     temperature in a field of 6T can be achieved in a layer of material of
     nominal composition XMnO.sub.y (X is La and at least one of Ca, Sr and Ba,
     y in the range 2-3.5), if, after formation of the layer, the layer is heat
     treated in an oxygen-rich (O.sub.2 partial pressure greater than that of
     air) atmosphere, typically in flowing O.sub.2. The temperature and
     duration of the heat treatment are in the range 300.degree.-850.degree.C.
     and 10 minutes-12 hours, and are selected to result in the desired ratio
     of 200% or more."
"A recording/reproducing apparatus for a magneto-resistive (MR) head having
     a playback amplifier, including a capacitor for a dc feedback low-pass
     filter for dc feedback to an initial-stage transistor, and a differential
     amplifier (gm amplifier), and a switching device for the gm amplifier and
     for the initial-stage amplifier operable at the time of recording/playback
     switching. The timing of the switching device is deviated for shortening
     the switching time interval. To this end, an output of the initial-stage
     transistor of a playback amplifier for a MR head is compared to reference
     voltage Vref by a gm amplifier and the low-pass filter is constituted by
     transconductance gm of the gm amplifier and the capacitance of the
     capacitor, with the dc output of the gm amplifier being fed back to the
     base of the initial-stage amplifier. The delay in switching time by the
     charging of the capacitor caused by the difference in the rise time of the
     initial-stage transistor and the gm amplifier is deviated by the control
     signal from a control circuit to control the initial-stage transistor and
     the gm amplifier."
"A high-sensitivity orthogonal magnetoresistive (MR) read head is provided
     which employs a single MR stripe. The MR stripe extends perpendicular to
     an air bearing surface (ABS) of the read head and has an easy axis which
     extends parallel to the ABS. Longitudinal biasing layers are
     magnetostatically-coupled to the MR stripe for biasing the MR stripe
     parallel to the ABS. The longitudinal biasing layers and the MR stripe are
     connected so that their film surfaces lie within a common plane. First and
     second leads are connected to the MR stripe in a spaced-apart relationship
     for conducting a sense current through the MR stripe perpendicular to the
     ABS. The first lead is connected to the MR stripe and the longitudinal
     biasing layers at the ABS in a substantially planar configuration. A
     transverse biasing conductor is coupled to the MR stripe for biasing the
     MR stripe. In the preferred embodiment, the longitudinal biasing layers
     are constructed of amorphous CoSm. The positioning of the MR stripe and
     the transverse biasing conductor with respect to first and second shield
     layers of the MR read head can implement enhanced longitudinal and/or
     transverse biasing."
"A digital output magnetoresistive (""DOMR"") head for magnetic playback
     comprising one or more ""pinned"" magnetic layers having magnetic polar
     direction which does not rotate under an external field from the media,
     and a magnetic digital switching layer formed using either shape or
     crystalline anisotropy such that it has an easy axis parallel to the
     magnetic direction of the pinned layer or layers and two stable
     magnetization directions, parallel or antiparallel to the magnetization
     polar direction of the pinned layer or layers. Because of this dual stable
     state configuration the DOMR head produces a substantially digital output
     when reading magnetic information."
"A circuit for amplifying signals received by the receive coil of a magnetic
     resonance (MR) system includes a preamplifier employing an active circuit
     device, such as a GaAs-MESFET or HEMT. The preamplifier is located
     proximate to the receive coil in order to maintain as high a
     signal-to-noise ratio as possible for the preamplifier output signals. A
     capacitance is coupled to the receive coil to form an input impedance
     matching network for the input of the preamplifier. The preamplifier
     output is coupled through a fiber optic cable to remotely located MR
     signal processing electronics, which further processes signals received by
     the MR receive coil and amplified by the preamplifier."
"In a preferred embodiment, a magnetoresistive (MR) position sensor,
     including: a rotatable cylindrical encoder wheel having a plurality of
     alternating N and S magnetic poles spaced a constant pole pitch around the
     circumferential surface of the encoder wheel, adjacent ones of the N and S
     poles having interfacing edges parallel to the axis of rotation of the
     encoder wheel; a first MR sensing array disposed on an insulative
     substrate in proximity to the circumferential surface of the encoder
     wheel, such as to sense rotating magnetic fields produced by the N and S
     poles as they pass the first MR sensing array as the encoder wheel
     rotates, the first MR sensing array including at least a first section
     comprising at least two legs extending parallel to the interfacing edges,
     the at least two legs being joined in series so as to form a serpentine
     shape; apparatus to apply a constant DC voltage across terminal ends of
     the serpentine shape."
"A preamplifier circuit arrangement for a magnetic or magneto resistive
     transducer, such as a record/replay head, in which a cascode preamplifier
     stage, and a stage providing a floating reference voltage for a following
     amplifier, are linked by an emitter coupled pair of transistors, one in
     each stage, such that the d.c. currents in the two stages flow in common
     through the transducer."
"A bidirectional thin-film magnetoresistive tape head assembly. The
     invention minimizes wear on the head assembly by: (1) minimizing the
     distance between the read elements and their respective write elements,
     (2) forming the head assembly from hard materials, and (3) placing a hard
     block between the read and write elements. The head assembly uses only a
     single pair of read and write elements per data track, but the pairs are
     reversed with respect to each other so that the head assembly is capable
     of reading-while-writing on the tape in both directions."
"A position detector includes a magnetic recording medium on which a
     prescribed magnetic pattern has been formed, a magnetoresistive element
     the amplitude value of which varies in response to the magnetic pattern,
     an amplifier for amplifying the output of the magnetoresistive element,
     the offset voltage of the amplifier output being variable, and an output
     observing element for observing the output of the amplifier. The offset
     voltage of the amplifier is set based upon the results of observation
     provided by the output observing element. Adjustment of the offset voltage
     is thus set automatically."
"A magneto-optical recording medium comprises a substrate and provided
     thereon a magneto-optical recording layer and a protective resin layer, a
     magnetic field being applied to the magneto-optical recording layer from
     the side of the protective layer by a magnetic-field generating means, and
     the recording layer being irradiated with a light beam through the
     substrate to record information. The protective layer has a first surface
     confronting the magnetic-field generating means and a second surface
     confronting the recording layer, and the protective layer has a surface
     resistivity of 1.times.10.sup.10 .OMEGA./.quadrature. or less on the first
     surface and has a region with a thermal conductivity of 10 W/m.multidot.K
     or less, extending from the second surface toward the first surface."
"A magneto-resistive (MR) head includes protection from electrostatic
     discharge without introducing additional processing steps. The MR sensor
     comprises a soft film biased (SFB) magnetic read sensor sandwiched between
     two high resistivity magnetic materials. The MR sensor is located between
     two MR shields wherein each MR shield is connected to an MR sensor ground
     signal lead by a resistor. The resistor is constructed from the high
     resistivity magnetic material such that the resistor is deposited at the
     same process step as the MR sensor."
"A data storage disk drive is provided with a spindle which supports a
     plurality of disks having at least one magnetic disk surface to form a
     spindle assembly for rotation of the disk surfaces about a common axis and
     a rotary actuator which supports magnetic transducers for movement in
     unison about respective disk surfaces. The disk drive includes a voltage
     reference tab provided for quick assembly and removal from an actuator
     comb. The voltage reference tab maintains the magneto-resistive
     transducers and the magnetic disks at the same reference voltage potential
     thus minimizing electrical discharge from the transducer to the disk. The
     voltage reference tab is a copper tab having symmetrical slots about a
     fastening hole to facilitate the bending operation and to reduce the rate
     at which heat is conducted during the soldering process. The tab maintains
     the voltage reference potential between the head and disk through an
     extension of the flex cable attached to the actuator."
"Materials of composition La.sub.v X.sub.w M.sub.y Mn.sub.z O.sub.x, with x
     selected from Mg, Sc, Al, Zn, Cd, In and the rare earths that have an
     ionic radius smaller than that of La, with M selected from Ca, Sr, Ba and
     Pb, and with v, w, y, z and x in the ranges 0.45-0.85, 0.01-0.20,
     0.20-0.45, 0.7-1.3 and 2.5-3.5, respectively, can have substantially
     improved magnetoresistance (MR) ratios, as compared to the corresponding
     X-free comparison material. In particular, the novel materials in
     polycrystalline (or non-epitaxial thin film) form can have relatively
     large MR ratios. For instance, polycrystalline La.sub.0.60 Y.sub.0.07
     Ca.sub.0.33 MnO.sub.x had a peak MR ratio in excess of 10,000% (in
     absolute value) in a field of 6 T."
"In a disk drive, the tendency of a flying head to physically engage a
     constant-speed data recording disk when the drive is operated at an
     altitude higher than the altitude at which the drive was manufactured is
     tested by. During manufacture of the drive, the constant disk speed is
     reduced to a lower speed that is a function of a mathematical relationship
     between the manufacturing altitude to the higher altitude. The invention
     then determines if the head in fact physically engages the disk at this
     lower speed. In an embodiment, this lower speed is calculated as a
     function of the ratio of the manufacturing altitude to the higher
     altitude. An embodiment of the invention provides a rotatable rigid
     magnetic recording disk and a magneto-resistive (MR) head that is
     generally stationary relative to the rotating disk."
"In an integrated thin film magnetic head, a write pole or inductive head
     I.sub.h includes first and second magnetic cores magnetically coupled to
     form a magnetic circuit and a coil formed between the first and second
     magnetic cores. An MR element read pole or MR head MR.sub.h includes first
     and second yokes, an MR element and a bias conductor for applying a
     biasing magnetic field on the MR device, and the first magnetic core or
     the second magnetic core constitutes the second yoke."
"A magnetoresistive effect magnetic head having a film comprising laminated
     first and second magnetoresistive elements with an electrically conductive
     intermediate film therebetween, and a pair of shield members positioned on
     both sides of the laminated film. Even if a magnetic gap of the head is
     reduced in length, the magnetic equilibrium of the first and second
     magneto-resistive elements may be stabilized by allowing over 10% of the
     current through the film to go through the intermediate film, thereby
     enabling a high playback output to be produced when reproducing signals on
     a magnetic medium."
"A soft adjacent layer biased magnetoresistive (""MR"") device, and a method
     for producing the same, which incorporates a natural flux closure design
     utilizing coplanar thin film permanent magnets to stabilize the device
     while obviating induced domain walls in the magnetoresistive and soft
     adjacent layers (""SAL""). The device structure includes an SAL film and
     overlying magnetic spacer layer (""MSL"") in conjunction with an MR film to
     produce an SAL biased magnetoresistive structure (""MRS"") with the MR layer
     patterned to a shortened length with respect to the SAL and MSL layers. A
     non-magnetic metal or dielectric separation layer of on the order of
     20-300 angstroms ("".ANG."") is then deposited over the MSL layer and the
     sides of the MR layer followed by the deposition of permanent magnet layer
     portions substantially coplanar with the MR layer to produce a low energy
     equilibria device with high sensitivity and superior signal output."
"A magnetic assembly for detection and authentication of magnetic documents.
     The magnetic assembly includes a permanent magnet (PM), first and second
     magnetically soft high permeability pole pieces shaped to form a tapered,
     variable gap size magnetic circuit with the permanent magnet. The PM is
     located at a first gap between the first and second pole pieces. A
     magnetoresistive (MR) sensing element is located at or near the center of
     a second gap between said first and second pole pieces. The second gap and
     MR sensing element are proximate a magnetic document to be sensed. An
     electrical conductor is adjacent to the MR sensing element, but is
     electrically insulated therefrom."
"Method of manufacturing a thin-film magnetic head in which a main layer (5)
     of a non-magnetic material is formed on a support, which layer is recessed
     by removing material from a side remote from the support, said recess
     being subsequently filled up with a soft-magnetic material for forming a
     flux guide (17a, 17b), whereafter the main layer provided with the filled
     recess is mechanochemically polished for forming a main surface (19) at
     which subsequently a layer of a magnetoresistive material is provided for
     forming a magnetoresistive element (23)."
"In a method for magnetically recording and reproducing signals in and from
     a magnetic recording medium via a thin film magnetic head, the recording
     medium has a magnetic layer of up to 0.5 .mu.m thick containing hexagonal
     ferromagnetic particles on a non-magnetic substrate, and the magnetic head
     includes a recording head whose gap adjacent portion is formed of a soft
     magnetic material having a saturation magnetic flux density of at least
     0.7 T and a reproducing MR head. In one form, the magnetic layer has a
     surface roughness (Ra) of up to 5 nm, and a coercivity (Hc) of at least
     1,100 Oe and a squareness ratio (S) of at least 0.70. In another form, the
     magnetic layer contains hexagonal ferrite and has a squareness ratio
     (S.perp.) of at least 0.70, and the magnetic head produces a reproduction
     output which is subject to zero-crossing detection without passing through
     a differential circuit."
"A magnetoresistive sensor design and fabrication process that provides
     improved microtrack profile linearity for servo elements while
     simultaneously providing stable and linear data sensing elements suitable
     for high density tape head applications. The stability and uniformity of
     both data and servo sensor elements is enhanced through the use of a
     grating profile under both the soft film biased magnetoresistive sensor
     layer and the hard bias stabilizing magnets. Processing steps are
     eliminated by replicating the grating pattern for the servo sensor
     elements through a thick layer of alumina or silicon dioxide. The outer
     read shield is removed from the servo elements using a stripping process
     that eliminates structural damage arising from alumina pinholes. Both
     element types are free of significant Barkhausen noise and instability
     because of the grating-stabilized domains in both the active
     magnetoresistive regions and the passive hard-biasing regions of each
     sensor. Each servo sensor is disposed at a greater distance from the
     single shield to optimize the microtrack profile. The resulting reduction
     in servo sensor frequency response leaves sufficient bandwidth for precise
     servo positioning."
"An improved spin valve (SV) magnetoresistive element has its free
     ferromagnetic layer in the form of a central active region with defined
     edges and end regions that are contiguous with and abut the edges of the
     central active region. A layer of antiferromagnetic material, preferably a
     nickel-manganese (Ni--Mn) alloy, is formed on and in contact with the
     ferromagnetic material in the end regions for exchange coupling with the
     end regions to provide them with a longitudinal bias of their
     magnetizations. The pinned ferromagnetic layer in the SV element is pinned
     by exchange coupling with a different layer of antiferromagnetic material,
     preferably an iron-manganese (Fe--Mn) alloy. This material has a
     substantially different Neel temperature from that of the
     antiferromagnetic material on the end regions. The process for making the
     SV element includes heating to different predetermined temperatures in the
     presence of an applied magnetic field to orient the magnetizations of the
     free and pinned layers in the proper direction. The SV element may be used
     as a sensor for reading data in magnetic recording systems."
"A magneto-resistance device comprises a stacked structure, which stacked
     structure has a non-conducting substrate having a surface on which a
     multilayer structure is provided. The surface is furnished with a
     plurality of grooves which are substantially mutually parallel, each
     groove comprising a first and a second face. All first faces are
     substantially planar and mutually parallel. The constituent layers of the
     multilayer structure are provided in a stack upon each first face in such
     a manner as to be parallel thereto, the thickness of the stacks being such
     that each stack makes physical contact with each immediately neighbouring
     stack."
"A method and apparatus for mapping the character and location of small
     surface variations on a planar surface. Energy is supplied to an object in
     close proximity to the planar surface to thereby raise the temperature of
     the object. The object is moved with respect to the planer surface
     substantially constant. A decrease in temperature of the object is
     detected when it is in proximity to the variation to define the location
     and character of the variation. The energy supply may be thermal energy or
     optical energy but preferably is electrical energy which heats a resistive
     element. Preferably, the object is the magnetoresistive head of a disk
     drive assembly. The surface may be that of a magnetic recording material.
     The change in temperature is detected by monitoring the resistance of the
     magnetoresistive coil of the head. The energy may be supplied in pulses to
     obtain higher peek temperatures while avoiding mechanical distortion of
     the object. It is preferred that the object be positioned with respect to
     the surface so that when that relative motion between the surface and the
     object occurs, the object does not contact the surface."
"The present invention relates to a sensor system that uses two sensors for
     measuring and monitoring of angular position of a member in two or three
     axes. The sensor system of the present invention preferrably uses a pair
     of magnetoresistive sesors that are maintained in the same plane and in
     orthogonal configuration with respect to each other, and which reference
     their position according to the Earth's magnetic field or a magnetic field
     provided by a user. Accordingly, the sensors of the present invention are
     useful for a variety of purposes, including, virtually any application
     that requires monitoring and measurement of any combination of roll,
     pitch, and yaw."
"In a magnetoresistive read/inductive write magnetic transducer, magnetic
     stability of the magnetoresistive read sensor is improved by reducing the
     bias current to the magnetoresistive read sensor to a predetermined value
     during a period when a write current signal is applied to the inductive
     write head. The reduced bias current is greater than zero, but less than
     that required for reading data stored in a magnetic storage media. The
     reduced bias current is about 30% of the full bias current applied during
     the read operation of the magnetoresistive head."
"Magnetic flux guide having tongues and magnetoresistive transducer
     incorporating said guide. A transducer is provided which includes a
     magnetic flux guide having first and second parts longitudinally separated
     by a head gap and a magnetoresistive bar positioned facing and along the
     head gap. The first and second guide parts are provided on their edges
     contiguous with the head gap respectively with a first and second series
     of tongues separated by spacers. The tongues of the first part extend into
     the spaces of the second part and vice versa."
"A magnetoresistance effect element comprises the multilayer formed by
     alternately stacking magnetic and nonmagnetic layers. The magnetic layers
     containing at least two magnetic elements selected from a group of
     magnetic elements consisting of Fe, Co and Ni. Any two magnetic layers
     adjacent to each other with one of the nonmagnetic layer interposed
     therebetween are antiferromagnetically coupled under a condition where a
     magnetic field is not substantially applied thereto."
"Described is a sensor based on the magnetoresistive effect and integrated
     into the thin-film arrangement of a remagnetization line in the form of a
     meander. In an adaptation to this meandering structure, the
     magnetoresistive film strips are provided in regions with alternating
     positive- and negative-inclined Barber pole structures. When periodic
     remagnetization of the regions takes place, a drift-free AC voltage is
     obtained as a sensor output signal. This lack of drift is the
     presupposition for the use of the magnetic field sensor for precise
     measurement of weak magnetic fields."
"A magnetic field sensor having a planar element made of a material formed
     by crystalline magnetoresistive thin layers with an anisotropy of
     resistivity in the planar element also having, in the planar element, two
     magnetization axes of different values. This sensor also has two
     electrical connections enabling, in the presence of an external magnetic
     field, the flow of a current in the element in a first direction that is
     not collinear with each of the axes of magnetization and two electrical
     connections enabling a measurement of voltage in a second direction
     transversal to the first direction. This sensor thus works by planar Hall
     effect."
"In a magnetic head whose recording and reproduction sections are separated,
     the magnetoresistive element constituting the reproduction head has a
     structure comprising a soft magnetic film, a spacer metallic film, and a
     magnetoresistive film and uses a high-performance soft magnetic film whose
     composition is Ni--Fe--Ru, Ni--Fe--Ru--M (M: fourth element), Ni--Fe--Ta
     or Ni--Fe--Ta--M (M: fourth element) and which has low coercivity, low
     magnetostriction, high specific resistance, high saturation magnetization,
     low magnetoresistivity and high corrosion resistance, this invention
     provides a recording-reproduction separation type magnetic head comprising
     a soft magntic bias film which is high magnetic performance, low
     production cost, and high corrosion resistance."
"In a multi-track magnetic signal reproducing apparatus, a plurality of MR
     heads including MR (Magneto Resistance Effect) elements are provided
     correspondingly to tracks on a magnetic tape. At the time of reproduction,
     constant current from a constant current power supply is sequentially
     supplied as pulse-shaped current for detecting a signal to each MR element
     by a switching operation by switch in response to a prescribed clock
     signal, and output voltage from each MR element related to reproduction of
     a magnetic signal on a corresponding track is sequentially provided to one
     input side of a differential amplifier. In differential amplifier, the
     offset voltage of each MR element provided to the other input side and the
     above-described output voltage are differentially amplified and only
     voltage due to the reproducing magnetic signal of each track is accurately
     extracted. Accordingly, the supply of pulse-shaped current effectively
     suppresses increase in the amount of consumption current regardless of the
     number of tracks on the tape (or the number of heads), and since amplifier
     is shared between the tracks, the number of necessary terminals for such a
     multi-track MR head is reduced."
"Hybrid imaging (HI) sequences used for magnetic resonance (MR) imaging and
     inherently degraded by T2 effects and additive measurement noise are
     enhanced. Wiener filter and linear prediction (LP) technique is used to
     process HI MR signals in the spatial frequency domain (K-space) and the
     hybrid domain respectively. Based on the average amplitude symmetry
     constraint of the spin echo signal, the amplitude frequency response
     function of the T2 distortion is estimated and used in the Wiener filter
     for a global T2 amplitude restoration. Then a linear prediction technique
     is utilized to obtain local signal amplitude and phase estimates around
     discontinuities of the frequency response function of the equivalent T2
     distortion filter. These estimates are used to make local amplitude and
     phase corrections. The effectiveness of this combined technique in
     correcting T2 distortion and reducing the measurement noise is analyzed
     and demonstrated using experiments on both phantoms and humans."
"A preprogrammed controller, preferably a stored program computer such as an
     IBM PC computer, is programmed to automatically control all the steps in
     the testing of a MR reproduce head. First, the magnitude of the sense
     current is established by command of the controller, and a voltage
     proportional to the sense current flowing in the head is monitored by the
     controller. An electromagnet, having high permeability pole pieces, and
     whose current is programmed by the controller provides a the magnetic
     field for exciting the MR head. The MR device is placed on an measured
     magnetic equipotential of the field of the electromagnet, and a Hall
     sensor magnetic detector is placed on the same magnetic equipotential line
     but in a different physical position from the MR device. The output of the
     Hall sensor is fed into the preamplifier electronics, digitized by a
     converter and this digital output is stored in the controller memory for
     future processing. Preamplifier electronics are also fed from the voltage
     output of the MR head, and the controller initiates a series of voltage
     measurements which are digitized and stored in the controller memory. By
     controlling the current to the electromagnet driver, the test field at the
     MR element is swept from a minimum field value to a maximum field value
     and back again, while correlated voltage data from the head is acquired."
"A storage device includes an MR element; write circuit responsive to input
     of binary storage data indicative of either a first state or a second
     state, and applying a write magnetic field in a first direction
     correspondingly to the first state, or applying the write magnetic field
     in a reverse second direction correspondingly to the second state; and
     read circuit for applying a bias magnetic field to the MR element and
     discriminating between the first and second states in accordance with the
     volume resistivity of the MR element."
"First and second shield layers of a read head are constructed of a
     lamination of NiMn and Fe-based layers to improve the performance of the
     shield layers when they are subjected to high external fields, such as
     from the pole tips of a write head combined therewith. Without lamination
     with one or more NiMn layers, many shield materials do not return to the
     same domain configuration after excitation from an external field. The
     result is that the Fe-based material assumes a different domain
     configuration after each excitation which changes the bias point of the MR
     sensor of the read head. By laminating with NiMn, the uniaxial anisotropy
     of the material can be increased to provide uniform domain configuration
     and exchange pinning between shield material NiMn returns the material to
     the same configuration after each external field excitation. The invention
     further provides fine tunings of the magnetic properties of the shield
     layer by various combinations of the Fe-based layers and/or the NiMn layer
     with NiFe layers."
"Three-dimensional (3D) image data is acquired from a subject with a medical
     imaging device and stored. The stored 3D image data is processed by a
     model workstation to segment the model into discrete structures and
     produce a segmented computer graphic model. An operator interacts with the
     model workstation to cause it to display desired structures of the the
     segmented model in a desired view and orientation. The operator also
     selects a position and orientation of a cutting plane passing through the
     segmented model. Once selected, the position and orientation information
     is provided to a pulse sequencer of a magnetic resonance (MR) imaging
     system. The pulse sequencer controls an RF transmitter and gradient
     amplifiers to cause an MR image of the subject at an imaging plane,
     corresponding to the cutting plane of the model workstation, to be
     acquired. This allows fast, accurate image plane selection, which may be
     selected by an operator who is simultaneously performing a medical
     procedure on the subject, aid in the procedure."
"A magneto-resistive tachometer includes an enclosure having a thickness of
     about 3/4"", formed with a central through opening therein and a plurality
     of bolt holes sized and located for alignment with bolt holes on a
     standard NEMA C-type motor end face. The enclosure has a recess formed
     adjacent the central through opening and adapted to receive a sensor
     electronics package, and a radial slot formed between the central through
     opening and the recess for receiving a sensing element. An associated
     sensor drum has a peripheral surface with encoded sensor patterns thereon
     adapted to be sensed by the sensing element, and a center hub connected to
     the peripheral surface by a plurality of spokes. The center hub is adapted
     for clamping engagement with the output shaft of the motor within the
     center opening of the enclosure, in radially adjacent position relative to
     the sensing element. At least one of the spokes is provided with shaft
     clamping means for securing the drum to the output shaft of the motor."
"A wafer level test structure and method detects multiple magnetic domains
     and magnetic domain instability in a test magnetic element. The apparatus
     comprises a first MR sensor designed to be held in a single magnetic
     domain by shape anisotropy and a second MR sensor having a permanent
     magnet to hold the element in a single magnetic domain. A circuit connects
     the first and second MR sensors to detect differences between the changes
     in resistance between the first and second sensors in the presence of a
     magnetic field or differences in resistance after the application and
     release of a magnetic field. The circuit is preferably a balance circuit
     in which imbalance in the presence of a magnetic field indicates the
     presence of multiple magnetic domains in at least one of the test sensors.
     Magnetic domain stability may be tested by applying an external field to
     disrupt the existing single domain state of the test sensors, and
     thereafter detecting differences in resistance of the sensors during
     reversal of the magnetic field."
"A highly corrosive-resistant metal having a high purity and a specific
     plane index is manufactured by ion beam deposition (IBD). A thin film
     having less defects and impurities is obtained. A magnetoresistant effect
     film for a magnetoresistant effect type magnetic head which is highly
     corrosion-resistant and exhibits excellent characteristics can be formed.
     In IBD according to the present invention, metal ions are provided with
     adjusted ion energy of 10 to 100 eV, and a metal having a particular mass
     number is selected by a mass separation electromagnet."
"A magnetoresistance effect element having a substrate, a buffer layer of a
     metal selected from the group consisting of chromium, tungsten, titanium,
     vanadium, manganese and their alloys which is formed on the substrate, and
     at least two magnetic thin layers which are laminated with interposing a
     non-magnetic thin layer therebetween on the metal thin layer, wherein
     adjacent magnetic thin layers through the non-magnetic thin layer have
     different coercive forces. This magnetoresistance effect element has an
     increased magnetoresistance ratio."
"A magnetic multilayer film having magnetoresistance (MR) is prepared by
     depositing at least two magnetic thin films having different coercive
     forces while interposing a non-magnetic thin film therebetween. A first
     magnetic thin film having a lower coercive force has a squareness ratio
     SQ.sub.1 of 0.01-0.5, an anisotropic magnetic field Hk of 1-20 Oe, and a
     thickness t.sub.1, a second magnetic thin film having a higher coercive
     force has a squareness ratio SQ.sub.2 of 0.7-1.0 and a thickness t.sub.2
     .ltoreq.t.sub.1, and the non-magnetic thin film has a thickness t.sub.3
     .ltoreq.200 .ANG.. A first preferred form requires 4 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.2
     &lt;30 .ANG. and 6 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.1 .ltoreq.200 .ANG.. A second preferred
     form requires 4 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.2 &lt;20 .ANG. and 10 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.1
     &lt;20 .ANG.. A third preferred form requires 4 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.2 &lt;30
     .ANG. and 6 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.1 .ltoreq.40 .ANG.. The magnetic multilayer
     film has a great MR ratio of more than several percents in a low external
     magnetic field, a sharp rise at zero magnetic field and high heat
     resistance. It also has improved hysteresis and MR slope in an applied
     magnetic field between -10 Oe and +10 Oe. It additionally has a high MR
     slope of at least 0.15%/Oe in an applied magnetic field between -50 Oe and
     +50 Oe, improved hysteresis of MR ratio, and a high MR slope in a
     high-frequency magnetic field. There are obtained high sensitivity MR
     sensors and MR heads capable of high density magnetic recording."
"In accordance with the present invention, a voltage proportional
     replication device comprises an input electromagnet responsive to an input
     voltage for producing a magnetic field in proportion to the input voltage;
     and a first magnetoresistive sensing element disposed within the field of
     the input electromagnet. The device further includes an adjustable source
     of output voltage; an output electromagnet responsive to the output
     voltage for producing a magnetic field in proportion to the output
     voltage; and a second magnetoresistive sensing element disposed within the
     field of the output electromagnet. A control circuit for controlling the
     adjustable output voltage maintains a constant ratio between the
     resistances of the first and second magnetoresistive elements, thereby
     maintaining a constant ratio between the input voltage and the output
     voltage."
"A magneto-resistive head has an upper shield layer, a lower shield layer
     spaced a distance from the upper shield layer, a magneto-resistive layer
     disposed over the lower shield layer, a shunt layer disposed adjacent to
     the magneto-resistive layer for giving a magnetic bias field to the
     magneto-resistive layer, and a electrode layer in contact with the
     magneto-resistance device and the shunt layer for providing an electric
     current to both of the magneto-resistive layer and the shunt layer
     electric current. The magneto-resistive layer, the shunt layer and the
     electrode layer are disposed between the upper shield and the lower
     shield. The shunt layer consist of molybdenum having a grain size more
     than 150 angstrom. The shunt layer has low specific resistance. Therefore,
     the thickness of the shunt layer can be reduced. As a result, the distance
     between the upper and lower shield layer can be reduced. Consequently, the
     gap length of the magneto-resistive head is narrower than prior art
     magnetic heads."
"A system is provided for MR imaging wherein a volume within an imaging
     subject positioned with respect to the system contains both water
     molecules and fat tissue proximate to one another. The water molecules and
     fat tissue are selectively saturated by first determining whether
     application of a first RF excitation pulse of a first RF frequency to the
     volume, in association with a gradient magnetic field having a selected
     polarity with respect to an axis, would saturate fat tissue in a band
     lying closer to or farther from a selected location than a band of
     saturated water molecules. The first frequency comprises the sum of a
     center frequency and a first offset frequency having a magnitude and
     polarity determined by the gradient magnetic field. In the event the
     saturated fat band associated with the first frequency would lie farther
     from the specified location, a second RF pulse of a second RF frequency is
     instead applied to the volume to saturate fat tissue within a band lying
     closer to the specified location, the second RF frequency comprising the
     sum of the center frequency and a second offset frequency having a
     magnitude equal to the magnitude of the first offset frequency and a
     polarity opposite to the polarity thereof. The polarity of the selection
     gradient of the second RF pulse is similarly negated compared to the
     polarity of the selection gradient of the first pulse."
"A magnetic multilayer film having magnetoresistance (MR) is prepared by
     depositing at least two magnetic thin films having different coercive
     forces while interposing a non-magnetic thin film therebetween. A first
     magnetic thin film having a lower coercive force has a squareness ratio
     SQ.sub.1 and a thickness t.sub.1, a second magnetic thin film having a
     higher coercive force has a squareness ratio SQ.sub.2 and a thickness
     t.sub.2, and the non-magnetic thin film has a thickness t.sub.3. A first
     form of the invention requires 4 .ANG..ltoreq.t.sub.2 &lt;30 .ANG., 20
     .ANG.&lt;t.sub.1 .ltoreq.200 .ANG., t.sub.1 &gt;t.sub.2, t.sub.3 .ltoreq.200
     .ANG., 0.7.ltoreq.SQ.sub.1 .ltoreq.1.0, and 0.1.ltoreq.SQ.sub.2
     .ltoreq.0.8, thereby achieving a magnetic multilayer film which shows a
     great MR ratio of several percents under an external magnetic field of
     several Oe, an excellent rise across zero magnetic field and heat
     resistance. A second form of the invention requires 4 .ANG.&lt;t.sub.2 &lt;20
     .ANG., 5 .ANG.&lt;t.sub.1 .ltoreq.20 .ANG., t.sub.1 &lt;t.sub.2 and 32
     .ANG.&lt;t.sub.3 &lt;50 .ANG., thereby achieving a magnetic multilayer film
     which is increased in MR ratio, MR slope between -50 Oe and +50 Oe, and
     high-frequency MR slope while showing minimized hysteresis. There are
     obtained MR elements, typically high sensitivity MR sensors and MR heads
     capable of high density magnetic recording."
"A sensing head for detecting flux representative of signals recorded on a
     magnetic medium includes dual magnetoresistive (MR) elements, an in-gap
     flux guide partly disposed between the elements and a flux closure piece
     having ends located adjacent to the ends of the MR elements. The assembly
     provides increased signal sensitivity and minimizes or eliminates the
     possibility of electrical or magnetic shorting of the elements which may
     occur by smearing of the MR sensing elements if the elements are disposed
     at the air bearing surface of a head slider in contact with a rotating
     disk."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensing system comprises an MR sensor with a
     layered spin valve structure including thin first and second layers of
     ferromagnetic material separated by a thin layer of nonmagnetic metallic
     material. The magnetization direction of the first layer at a zero applied
     magnetic field is substantially parallel to the longitudinal dimension of
     the MR sensor and substantially perpendicular to the fixed or ""pinned""
     magnetization direction of the second layer. A thin keeper layer of
     ferromagnetic material is separated by a thin spacer layer from the
     layered spin valve structure. This keeper layer has a fixed magnetization
     direction substantially opposite that of the second layer and a
     moment-thickness product substantially equal to that of the second layer
     for cancelling the magnetostatic field from the second layer. A current
     flow is produced through the MR sensor to produce a magnetic field of a
     sign and magnitude which cancels the ferromagnetic exchange coupling
     between the first and second layers. Variations in resistivity of the MR
     sensor due to difference in rotation of the magnetizations in the first
     and second layers are sensed as a function of the magnetic field being
     sensed."
"In a magnetoresistive (MR) read sensor in which the MR layer is
     transversely biased by a soft magnetic layer separated from the MR layer
     by a nonmagnetic spacer layer an antiferromagnetic stabilization layer of
     NiO provides a stabilizing exchange-coupled magnetic field to the
     transverse bias layer insuring that the transverse bias layer is fully
     saturated in a preferred direction during sensor operation."
"The present invention provides a test circuit and method for testing for
     short circuits in an MR head, merged MR head or piggyback MR head without
     contacting either of the shield layers. This is accomplished by a bridge
     circuit which employs part of the components of the head. The bridge
     circuit has four consecutively arranged branches which are interconnected
     by four consecutively arranged terminals. The first terminal comprises the
     substrate or one of the write pads and the second and fourth terminals
     comprise the first and second read pads. A signal generator is connected
     across the first and third terminals and a detector, such as a
     differential amplifier, is connected across the read pads. With this
     arrangement the first branch of the bridge circuit includes a capacitance
     which is formed by one of the gap layers between one of the shield layers
     and a first one of the leads and the second branch of the bridge circuit
     includes a capacitance which is formed by said one of the gap layers
     between said one of the shield layers and a second one of the leads. The
     differential amplifier detects any impedance imbalance in the bridge
     circuit which indicates that coupling between one or more of the shields
     and one or more of the leads has changed. Most likely the head has a
     shield short circuit and can be discarded."
"A VLSI-compatible process for the manufacturing of a monolithic
     high-density electronic head in the form of a single composite IC chip for
     reading and/or writing multiple tracks of magnetically recordable
     information. The VLSI-compatible process comprises the steps of
     fabricating a digital signal process circuit as well as other desired
     circuit components on a substrate, then fabricating a plurality of read
     and/or write elements on the same substrate using a thin film technique.
     Because the silicon-based materials, which are used to replace the
     conventional magneto-resistant elements, show very little
     magneto-resistance effect at room temperature, a magnetically sensitive
     layer is provided which comprises a double-drain polycrystalline
     thin-films transistor (DTFT) to provide the required sensitivity.
     Furthermore, because no wire-bonding is required between the write or read
     head and the necessary circuitry components, IC chips providing very high
     density monolithic electronic heads can be manufactured using the
     VLSI-compatible process, and each of the chips contains a very large
     number, in the order of several hundred, of read and/or write elements, as
     well as the necessary and/or desired electronic circuits. A plurality of
     read/write elements can be assigned to a common track of data to improve
     the accuracy and sensitivity of data transmission, or each element can be
     assigned to a respective track of data."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) device and barrier formation process is disclosed
     in which a barrier layer of an aluminum-titanium oxidic compound of
     approximately 35 .ANG. thickness is formed between a first alumina film
     and an overlying material of iron bearing content, such as nickel-iron.
     The aluminum-titanium oxidic compound layer serves as an etchant barrier
     for the alumina film in a subsequent etching process to reduce or
     eliminate ""rosette"" formation otherwise occurring when etchant is trapped
     within pores of a porous substrate such as ferrite, ceramic or other
     polycrystalline material. The barrier layer also serves as a passivation
     layer to prevent the surface of the underlying alumina film from being
     modified by the transfer of ultrasonic energy during subsequent
     wirebonding processing which would otherwise result in film delamination
     at the nickel-iron/alumina layer interface."
"Magnetic read/write head having a writing-compensated magneto-resistant
     element.
In the invention, the head includes, beneath a magnetoresistant element
     (MR), a conductor element (40) and preferably an additional magnetic layer
     (44) perforated by an opening (46). The conductor element (40) is in
     series with the writing coil and connected in such a way that, in the
     magnetoresistant element, the magnetic field resulting from the passage of
     the current in the conductor element opposes the writing leakage field."
"A magnetic recording head that includes a combined IN element and an MR
     element is heat treated under two types of magnetic fields. A rotating
     magnetic field, having a first magnetic field intensity, is applied for a
     time while the magnetic recording head is at an elevated temperature.
     Then, part-way during cooling of the magnetic head, the rotating magnetic
     field is replaced by a direct (non-rotating) magnetic field having a
     second magnetic field intensity. The second magnetic field intensity is
     lower than the first magnetic field intensity, whereby the properties of
     both the IN element and the MR element are maintained at high values."
"A magnet mounted on a moving stem or rotary member of a valve generates
     magnetic flux over part of a stationary member of the valve which has an
     uniquely patterned set of magnetoresistive sense resistors and three
     reference resistors (the sensor) disposed thereon. The distance between
     two adjacent patterns can be equally spaced, or can be compressed for
     valves with non-linear characteristics in order to achieve increased
     resolution over a specific portion of the valve travel. Other embodiments
     can use a light source, beta radiation or neutron radiation as the source
     of flux, the pattern for each embodiment's sensor having some material
     responsive and some unresponsive to the flux. The sensor can provide
     feedback representative of position in a valve positioner, or functions as
     the position sensor in a position transmitter.
Reference resistors provide a first signal representative of the resistance
     of a sense resistor in the absence of the flux and a second signal
     representative of the additive resistance of a sense resistor which is
     caused by the flux. An A/D circuit connected to the sense resistors
     differences the sensed resistance of each sense resistor with the first
     signal to calculate a referenced additive resistance and then ratios the
     difference with the second signal, weights the ratio by an appropriate
     weighting function and sums the referenced additive resistance for each of
     the sense resistors to provide the position sensor output."
"A magnetoresistor is monolithically integrated with an active circuit by
     growing a thin film magnetoresistor on a semiconductor substrate after the
     substrate has been doped and annealed for the active devices. The
     magnetoresistor is grown through a window in a mask, with the mask and
     magnetoresistor materials selected such that the magnetoresistor is
     substantially non-adherent to the mask. InSb is preferred for the
     magnetoresistor, Si.sub.3 N.sub.4 for the mask and GaAs for the substrate.
     The non-adherence allows the mask to be substantially thinner than the
     magnetoresistor without impairing the removal of the mask after the
     magnetoresistor has been established."
"A magnetoresistance effect element includes a multilayer stack of
     alternating magnetic and nonmagnetic layers, and having a mixture layer
     constituted by a mixture of a ferromagnetic element and a
     non-ferromagnetic element interposed between adjacent stacked magnetic and
     non-magnetic layers so as to exhibit a magnetoresistance effect. The
     multilayered stack includes at least two magnetic layers, at least two
     mixture layers, and at least one non-magnetic layer. 2(X.sub.1 /X.sub.n)/n
     is larger than 1.1 where n is the number of atomic layers of the mixture
     layer, X.sub.1 is an atomic concentration (%) of the ferromagnetic element
     of an atomic layer closest to the magnetic layer, and X.sub.n is an atomic
     concentration (%) of the ferromagnetic element of the n-th atomic layer
     closest to the non-magnetic layer."
"The invention relates to an MR method for two-dimensional or
     three-dimensional imaging of an examination zone, in which a set of raw
     data is measured repeatedly, an image of the examination zone can be
     reconstructed from each set, and the raw data of a set is acquired with
     different measurement parameters, and different sets contain raw data
     acquired with the same measurement parameters. Improved temporal
     resolution is achieved in that a set of auxiliary data is formed from at
     least two sets of raw data in order to produce an image representing the
     examination zone at a selectable instant, the auxiliary data being derived
     by interpolation from the raw data acquired with each time the same
     measurement parameters but at different measurement instants, the weight
     applied to the raw data entering the interpolation being greater as the
     time interval between the associated measurement instant and the
     selectable instant is smaller, the image of the examination zone being
     reconstructed from the set of auxiliary data."
"A method for preparing a structure having enhanced magneto-resistance, and
     use of the structure, in which it is possible to prepare a structure
     having enhanced magnetoresistance on the basis of the system of materials
     Cu--Co, especially for a magnetoresistive sensor. An intermediate of the
     structure is formed initially from an alloy having Cu mixed crystals
     supersaturated with Co by means of a rapid-solidification technique and
     this intermediate is subsequently converted by means of a predefined heat
     treatment into an end product of the desired structure having
     precipitations of or including Co in a Cu matrix."
"A nuclear magnetic resonance imaging scheme capable of reducing the eddy
     currents induced within the living body outside of the imaging region, so
     as to protect the patient against the nerve stimulation due to the eddy
     currents, and obtaining the MR images at high image quality by protecting
     the image quality against the N/2 and chemical artifacts. The nerve
     stimulation is prevented by providing a shield member for shielding a
     nerve stimulation sensitive portion of the patient located outside of the
     imaging region from a change of the gradient magnetic fields. The
     artifacts are prevented by applying a reading gradient magnetic field
     which is repeatedly switching its polarity along a phase encoding gradient
     magnetic field applied at a rate of once in every two switchings of the
     reading gradient magnetic field, separating the acquired NMR signals
     resulting from odd and even turns of switchings of the reading gradient
     magnetic field as separate data sets, and re-constructing MR images from
     the separate data set for odd turns and even turns separately."
"A peak detector for extracting pulses in a magnetoresistive sensor circuit
     while suppressing the recovery transients created by thermal asperities.
     The disclosed peak detector circuit is a simplified variation of the
     standard magnetoresistive sensor peak detector circuit. The signal
     differentiation is performed ahead of the usual amplification to remove
     transient pulse amplitudes before they can affect the AGC gain. The
     resulting differentiated signal is processed by a modified amplitude
     qualification circuit to extract data output pulses. The thermal asperity
     transient recovery period is eliminated without additional circuit
     complexity, leaving only the initial thermal asperity pulse effects to be
     corrected by any suitable relatively simple error correction code (ECC)."
"A position sensor is provided with the capability of detecting a quadrature
     signal by the provision of first and second magnetically sensitive
     devices. The first magnetically sensitive device comprises a Hall effect
     element or some other device which is capable of sensing strength of a
     component of a magnetic field which is perpendicular to a preselected
     plane. A second magnetically sensitive device is provided which is capable
     of sensing the component of a magnetic field lying in the same plane. In a
     preferred embodiment, the first magnetically sensitive device is a Hall
     effect element and the second magnetically sensitive device comprises at
     least one magnetoresistor. The first and second magnetically sensitive
     devices are disposed on a common substrate and arranged to have a common
     geometric center. When the device is associated with a moving target that
     comprises a plurality of magnetized regions, accurate determination is
     possible with respect to both the rate of movement and the direction of
     movement of the target."
"An MR sensor having improved current density distribution, reduced overall
     resistance and a substantially planar surface is disclosed. The MR sensor
     includes an MR layer having first and second outer regions and an active
     region located between the first and second outer regions. A first
     permanent magnet region is formed upon the first MR layer outer region and
     defines a first boundary of the MR layer active region. A second permanent
     magnet region is formed upon the second MR layer outer region and defines
     a second boundary of the MR layer active region so that a gap region is
     positioned at least partially between the first and second permanent
     magnet regions. A spacer layer is formed on the MR layer active region
     between the first and second permanent magnet regions. A soft adjacent
     layer is formed in the active region and upon the spacer layer, and, in
     some preferred embodiments, also at least partially upon the permanent
     magnet region."
"The present invention is a yoke spin valve MR read head which electrically
     connects a spin valve MR sensor to spaced apart yoke portions. First and
     second yoke pieces are electrically connected at a head surface and are
     insulated from one another at a back gap which is remotely located from
     the head surface. The first yoke piece has a break which divides it into
     first and second portions which are spaced from one another. The spin
     valve MR sensor is located within this break and electrically
     interconnects the first and second portions of the first yoke piece. First
     and second leads are connected to the first and second yoke pieces
     respectively and receive a current from a current source for applying a
     sense current to the spin valve MR sensor via the first and second yoke
     pieces. When a magnetic medium is moved adjacent the head surface of the
     read head the yoke pieces serve as conductors for transmitting sense
     current to the spin valve MR sensor as well as functioning as a flux
     guide. Flux incursions propagated from the magnetic medium to the spin
     valve MR sensor via the yoke cause relative rotations between directions
     of magnetic moments of a pinned layer and a free layer which correspond to
     signals which can be processed by a signal processing device. The signal
     strength of the yoke spin valve MR sensor is superior to an anisotropic MR
     sensor and is easier to fabricate."
"A composite thin film recording/reproducing head comprises, in an integral
     laminate construction: a magneto-resistance effect thin film reproducing
     head having a magnetoresistance effect element; and an inductive thin film
     recording head. The track width of the magnetoresistance effect thin film
     reproducing head is greater than that of the inductive thin film recording
     head. The reproducing output of the composite thin film
     recording/reproducing head can be enhanced without entailing increase in
     reproducing output noise and the variation of the reproducing output can
     be suppressed, so that the composite thin film recording/reproducing head
     has improved reproducing output characteristics."
"A magnetoresistance effect element has a pair of ferromagnetic layers with
     a middle non-magnetic metallic layer interposed therebetween. The middle
     non-magnetic metallic layer has lamination structure of non-magnetic
     metallic thin films formed of at least two kinds of non-magnetic metallic
     materials. In the lamination structure of the non-magnetic metallic thin
     film, Fermi energies of the non-magnetic metallic thin films disposed on
     interface sides of the ferromagnetic layers has a value closer to a Fermi
     energy in a direction of spin whose electron spin dependent mean free path
     is long among Fermi energies of the ferromagnetic layers. A non-magnetic
     metallic thin film is disposed between such two non-magnetic metallic thin
     films. Difference in Fermi energy between non-magnetic metallic thin films
     made of two kinds of non-magnetic metallic materials is 0.5 eV or more. By
     the use of such a middle non-magnetic metallic layer, while the thickness
     thereof is as thin as possible, exchange coupling between ferromagnetic
     layers can be small. Thus, resistance change sensitivity can be enhanced."
"In a magnetoresistive (MR) read sensor in which the MR layer is
     transversely biased by a soft magnetic layer separated from the MR layer
     by a nonmagnetic spacer layer an antiferromagnetic stabilization layer of
     NiO provides a stabilizing exchange-coupled magnetic field to the
     transverse bias layer insuring that the transverse bias layer is fully
     saturated in a preferred direction during sensor operation."
"A semi-active device 20 is provided for damping motion between structures
     having multi-degrees of freedom. A magnetic field produced by a permanent
     magnet, a coil, or a combination thereof, change the rheological
     properties of an MR fluid 40 to effectively lock up the components and the
     structures to which they are attached to serve as a brake or damper of the
     associated compound motion. A system 21 employing the MR devices 20
     includes a motion detection sensor 15 and a controller 19 to actuate the
     MR devices 20 when a predetermined motion threshold is exceeded."
"A rotary encoder capable of detecting angular rotation of a rotating shaft,
     and identifying its neutral position without the need for multiple encoder
     wheels. A magnetoresistive sensor is positioned adjacent the periphery of
     a single multipole magnet ring attached to a steering wheel shaft. The
     magnet ring comprises alternating N-pole and S-pole magnetic regions along
     its periphery, the surface of one of the regions containing a demagnetized
     portion. The sensor produces a sinusoidal signal as the shaft is rotated,
     responsive to the passage of the magnetic regions, with a period equal to
     the passage of two successive magnetic regions adjacent the sensor. The
     angular position of the shaft which aligns the demagnetized portion
     adjacent the sensor corresponds to the shaft's neutral position. Aligning
     of the demagnetized portion adjacent the sensor causes a voltage
     irregularity within the sensor's otherwise sinusoidal output signal, which
     is detected by a signal processing circuit."
"Providing a magnetic head with a yoke and a gap structure coupled to a
     substrate that is positioned above a magnetic medium. The gap structure
     includes one or more lips, a first and a second ferromagnetic pole, and a
     magnetoresistive element (MRE). The magnetoresistive element is removed
     from the air-bearing surface of the magnetic head. For the embodiment with
     two lips, the two lips define a head gap. Each ferromagnetic pole is
     connected to one lip. The two poles are separated by a distance greater
     than the length of the gap, and each pole has a thickness that is greater
     than the thickness of each lip. The MRE is substantially coupled
     magnetically, but not electrically to the two poles at a location where
     the two poles are separated by a distance greater than the length of the
     gap."
"In a magnetic read/write transducer, the elements of the magnetoresistive
     (MR) and inductive heads are shorted together and to the slider substrate
     to provide a low resistance, conductive path bypassing the MR sensor
     element and minimizing electrical current through the MR sensor element
     during discharge of static electric charge. The MR sensor element, the MR
     conductive leads, the MR magnetic shield elements and inductive pole tips
     exposed at the slider air bearing surface are shorted together and to the
     slider substrate by a layer of conductive material, such as tungsten,
     formed over the slider air bearing surface. The conductive layer shorts
     the head elements together and to the slider substrate thus protecting the
     head against ESD/EOS damage during subsequent handling and assembly. The
     conductive layer is removed by wet etching prior to placing the magnetic
     head into operation in a magnetic storage system."
"A magnetoresistive sensor includes a magnetoresistive material, formed on a
     substrate, and having a first edge and a second edge. A first multilayered
     conductive lead structure is electrically connected to the first edge, and
     a second multilayered conductive lead structure is electrically connected
     to the second edge. The first and second conductive lead structures are
     constructed of multiple layers of thin film materials that alternate
     between at least one layer of a thin film of a refractory metal interlaid
     between at least two thin film layers of a highly conductive metal."
"A magnetometer vehicle detector for detecting various parameters of traffic
     on a roadway. A number of sensors, having a compact package, along with
     connecting cables, may be placed in road way with a small number of
     standard width sawcuts. Alternatively, sensors may be placed in the
     roadway within tubes under the external surface of the roadway. The
     package design of the sensor is such that the sensor can be placed in the
     sawcut or tube only in a certain way or ways resulting in the most
     sensitive axis of the sensor being most likely affected by just the
     traffic or vehicles desired to be detected and measured. The sensor may be
     a magnetoresistive device having a permalloy magnetic sensing bridge.
     Multiple sensors may be placed in single or multiple lanes of the roadway
     for noting the presence of vehicles and measuring traffic parameters such
     as average speeds, vehicle spacings, and types and numbers of vehicles.
     Such information is processed from the shapes, times and magnitudes of the
     signature signals from the sensors."
"A magnetic field sensor apparatus that comprises an active layer of indium
     antimonide or indium arsenide supported on an elemental semiconductor
     substrate. Magnetoresistor sensors of indium antimonide and indium
     arsenide active layers on silicon and germanium substrate wafers are
     described. Means are described for providing reduced electric fields and
     parasitic conduction in the elemental semiconductor substrate. The means
     includes unique device geometries and buffer layers between the active
     layers and the substrate wafers."
"A superconductive magnetoresistor has a substrate, a ceramic
     superconductive film which is formed on one face of the substrate,
     ferromagnetic elements for focusing an external magnetic field, and an
     insulating film. One of the ferromagnetic elements is integrally combined
     with the other face of the substrate. The other of the ferromagnetic
     elements is combined with the ceramic superconductive film thorough the
     insulating film."
"Disclosed is a planarizing layer for use in an MR read/inductive write head
     combination, and a method for constructing the same. In the preferred
     embodiment, a planarizing layer comprising a plurality of planar sections
     of conductive material is formed in the plane of the lower pole piece of
     an inductive head. The planar sections, in cooperation with the lower pole
     piece, provide a substantially planar surface on which to form the
     inductive coil. Two of the planar sections are electrically coupled to
     respective MR leads, and include protrusions extending from the perimeter
     of the inductive coil to enable electrical access by a pair of read
     terminal pads. A third planar section is electrically coupled to the inner
     coil tap of the inductive coil, and includes a protrusion extending from
     the perimeter of the inductive coil to enable electrical access by a write
     terminal pad."
"According to the present invention, there is provided a magnetic disk
     memory system. An embodiment of this system comprises a magnetic disk of a
     perpendicular recording type, including a soft magnetic backing layer and
     a magnetic recording layer of a perpendicular magnetic anisotropy formed
     on the backing layer, and a magnetic head for writing or reading of data
     with respect to the magnetic disk, wherein the magnetic head comprises (a)
     a pair of main magnetic poles each of which made of a material having a
     high magnetic permeability, one end of the each pole being located so as
     to face the magnetic disk surface, (b) a non-magnetic interlayer provided
     between two main magnetic poles of the pair, (c) a recording coil disposed
     so as to generate a magnetic flux passing through the magnetic disk via
     the main magnetic poles, and (d) an MR element provided via an insulation
     layer on the other ends of the pair of main magnetic poles, one MR element
     having a film surface parallel to end surfaces of the other ends of the
     main magnetic poles, and being magnetically coupled with the pair of main
     magnetic poles."
"A magnetoresistor is monolithically integrated with an active circuit by
     growing a thin film magnetoresistor on a semiconductor substrate after the
     substrate has been doped and annealed for the active devices. The
     magnetoresistor is grown through a window in a mask, with the mask and
     magnetoresistor materials selected such that the magnetoresistor is
     substantially non-adherent to the mask. InSb is preferred for the
     magnetoresistor, Si.sub.3 N.sub.4 for the mask and GaAs for the substrate.
     The non-adherence allows the mask to be substantially thinner than the
     magnetoresistor without impairing the removal of the mask after the
     magnetoresistor has been established."
"An improved magnetoresistive device and method for fabricating the same
     which results in improved Barkhausen noise suppression. A generally
     coplanar device is described having an MR structure conductive region
     longitudinally biased by opposing permanent magnet layers separated
     therefrom by a non-magnetic metal or dielectric separation layer.
     significant reduction of the demagnetization energy near the
     MR-to-permanent magnet junction is achieved, particularly in the use of an
     elliptically shaped conductive region and the resultant generally coplanar
     device is readily fabricated and reproducible using a self-aligning
     process. The longitudinal bias technique described can be used in
     conjunction with all known transverse bias techniques."
"A shorted DMR reproduce head includes two substantially identical MR
     elements, separated by a thin film of titanium nitride having a
     resistivity of 1000 .mu..OMEGA.-cm. Signal loss due to current shunting in
     the shorted DMR head is significantly reduced by use of the titanium
     nitride film."
"Disclosed is a method to correct the geometric distortion caused by field
     inhomogeneity in MR images such as images of patients wearing
     MR-compatible stereotaxic frames. A previous distortion correction method
     derives patient-dependent error maps by computing the phase-difference of
     3D images acquired at different T.sub.E 's. The time difference
     (.DELTA.T.sub.E =4.9 ms at 1.5 T) is chosen such that the water and fat
     signals are in phase. However, .DELTA.T.sub.E is long enough to permit
     phase wraps in the difference images for frequency offsets greater than
     205 Hz. Phase unwrapping techniques resolve these only for connected
     structures; therefore the phase difference for fiducial rods may be off by
     multiples of 2 .pi. relative to the head. This uncertainty is removed by
     using an additional single 2D phase-difference image with .DELTA.T.sub.E
     =1 ms (during which time no phase-wraps are typically expected) to
     determine the correct multiple of 2 .pi. for each rod. The method was
     tested in a cadaver and in a patient using CT as a reference. Targets in
     the frame coordinates were chosen from CT and compared to their locations
     in MR. Localizing errors were as large as 3.7 mm before correction and
     were reduced to less than 1.11 mm after correction."
"A developer for electrophotography and a method for electrophotographic
     developing using the same are disclosed. The developer for
     electrophotography comprises a magnetic carrier, and a magnetic toner
     which includes a magnetic powder having at most 100 oersted of a coercive
     force and satisfying the following formula:
wherein Ms represents a saturation magnetization and Mr represents a
     residual magnetization. The developer for electrophotography can be used
     in a developing device wherein a magnetic roll rotates at a peripheral
     speed of 300 mm/sec or faster and a sleeve encompassing the magnetic roll
     rotates at a peripheral speed of 50 mm/sec or faster in opposite
     directions."
"Method of manufacturing a magnetoresistive magnetic head in which a first
     insulation layer (5) of a non-magnetic material is formed on a support
     face (3a), on which insulation layer a soft-magnetic layer having an upper
     face remote from the first insulation layer is formed by deposition of a
     soft-magnetic material. Subsequently a layer portion is removed for
     forming the flux-guiding elements (17a, 17b) and an aperture extending
     between said elements, and non-magnetic material for forming a second
     insulation layer (18) having an upper face remote from the soft-magnetic
     layer is deposited on the soft-magnetic layer and in the aperture formed
     therein, which second insulation layer has such a thickness that, viewed
     in a direction transverse to the support face, the smallest distance
     between the support face and the upper face of the second insulation layer
     is larger than the largest distance between the support face and the upper
     face of the soft-magnetic layer. Subsequently, a mechanochemical polishing
     treatment is performed as from the upper face of the second insulation
     layer for forming a main surface (19) at which magnetoresistive material
     is subsequently deposited for forming a magnetoresistive element (23)."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) head using soft adjacent layer (SAL) transverse
     biasing and having electrical leads with the facing surfaces lying in
     planes canted with respect to the easy axis of magnetization of the
     magnetoresistive sensor element for improving the off-track performance of
     the MR head by making the off-track performance profile more symmetrical,
     thereby minimizing the difference between the location of its physical
     center and its magnetic center."
"A magnetic resonance (MR) active invasive device system employs a small,
     high-field polarizing magnet, and a large low-field magnetic resonance
     (MR) imaging magnet for the purpose of generating MR angiograms of
     selected blood vessels. A subject is positioned in a large low-field MR
     imaging magnet. A catheter in inserted into the patient at or near the
     root of a vessel tree desired to be imaged. A fluid, intended to be used
     as a contrast agent is first passed through the small high-field
     polarizing magnet, causing a great deal of net longitudinal magnetization
     to be produced in the fluid. The fluid is then introduced into the subject
     through the catheter. Radiofrequency (RF) pulses and magnetic field
     gradients are then applied to the patient as in conventional MR imaging.
     Since the fluid has a larger longitudinal magnetization, before the MR
     imaging sequence, the fluid produces a much larger MR response signal than
     other tissue resulting in the vessel tree being imaged with excellent
     contrast."
"There is provided a method for producing erase bands of varying width
     between tracks of information on a recording medium. In accordance with
     the method, a magnetic head having a write gap and trailing pole with
     non-parallel portions is produced. In the preferred embodiment, the
     magnetic head combines an inductive write head with a magneto-resistive
     read head in a single head structure. The inductive head includes a
     leading write pole and a trailing write pole which are separated by a
     recording gap. The write gap is formed with a central portion writing data
     in a desired orientation, positioned between two non-parallel side
     portions having divergent angles with respect to the central portion. In
     the recording process, the side portions write transitions on the
     recording medium which are oblique or angled with respect to the data
     transitions written on the medium by the central portion. These angled
     transitions produce erase bands between adjacent tracks of information
     represented by the data transitions recorded by the central portion of the
     write gap.
The width of the non-parallel side portions is advantageously selected in
     accordance with the expected servo position error of the drive."
"A magnetoresistive transducer has a sensor which includes a magnetic layer
     and an interdiffusion layer. An active central region of the sensor
     extends between two passive end regions which are used to magnetically
     bias the active central region longitudinally. The biasing function is
     attained by fabricating the transducer on a wafer in an H-configuration,
     with the crossbar of the H as the active central region and a portion of
     the side legs as the passive end regions. When short current pulses are
     passed through the side legs of the H, the associated heating of the side
     legs (but not the crossbar of the H) causes interdiffusion between the
     interdiffusion layer and the magnetic layer and transforms the magnetic
     layer from soft magnetism to hard magnetism as required for the biasing
     function. The wafer is diced near the crossbar of the H and then processed
     further to form the finished transducer."
"A random access memory element utilizes giant magnetoresistance. The
     element includes at least one pair of ferromagnetic layers sandwiching a
     nonmagnetic conductive layer. At least one of the two ferromagnetic layers
     has a magnetic moment oriented within its own plane. The magnetic moment
     of at least the first ferromagnetic layer of the pair has its magnetic
     moment oriented within its own plane and is typically fixed in direction
     during use. The second ferromagnetic layer of the pair has a magnetic
     moment which has at least two preferred directions of orientation. These
     preferred directions of orientation may or may not reside within the plane
     of the second ferromagnetic layer. The bit of the memory element may be
     set by applying to the element a magnetic field which orients the magnetic
     moment of the second ferromagnetic layer in one or the other of these
     preferred orientations. Once the bit is set, the value of the determined
     by the relative alignment of the magnetic moments of the first and second
     ferromagnetic layers. This value may be read by applying an interrogating
     current across the memory element, perpendicular to the plane within which
     the magnetic moment of the first ferromagnetic layer is oriented, and
     observing the variation in resistance. These ferromagnetic elements may be
     fabricated using conventional photolithography. Groups of these
     ferromagnetic element may be organized into word trees and other arrays."
"A disk file includes multiple disk surfaces, on which servo information is
     recorded, with an offset in azimuth from one disk surface to another. Each
     head comprises a magnetoresistive stripe for reading and an inductive
     write coil. The servo system reads servo information from each disk in
     turn, multiplexing the signals from each disk together to form a single
     position error signal (PES). The separation of the servo multiplexer,
     attached to the MR stripes, from the write multiplexer, attached to the
     inductive coils, avoids problems due to contamination of the servo signal
     by the write signal. A least squares fit is used to generate the PES from
     the series of servo samples from each disk surface."
"A proximity sensor has two magnetoresistive elements in a common plane and
     displaced from a lateral surface of a permanent magnet. The common sensing
     plane of the magnetoresistive elements extends in a direction generally
     parallel to a magnetic axis of a permanent magnet that extends between the
     north and south poles of the magnet. A detection zone is defined relative
     to a preselected magnetic pole face and the magnetoresistive elements
     provide first and second signals that can be compared to define a third
     signal which is representative of the presence or absence of the
     magnetically permeable object within the detection zone. The
     magnetoresistive elements can each have a plurality of magnetoresistors
     which are arranged in a Wheatstone bridge configuration for the purpose of
     providing the first and second signals described above."
"A magnetoresistive read sensor incorporates a granular multilayer sensing
     element comprising a plurality of layers of generally flat particles of a
     ferromagnetic material embedded in a nonmagnetic electrically conductive
     material. A bias layer separated from the magnetoresistive sensing element
     by a spacer layer provides a magnetic field to bias the magnetoresistive
     sensing element at a desired non-signal point. The ferromagnetic and the
     nonmagnetic materials are mutually immiscible, or may be miscible or
     partially miscible and processed in a manner to control interdiffusion.
     The magnetoresistive sensing element is formed by alternatively
     despositing layers of ferromagnetic material and layers of nonmagnetic
     conductive material on a substrate and then annealing the structure.
     During the annealing cycle, the layers of nonmagnetic material above and
     below the ferromagnetic layers penetrate at grain boundaries and break the
     continuity of the ferromagnetic layers to form layers or planes of
     ferromagnetic particles embedded in a matrix of nonmagnetic material."
"A magnetoresistive transducer design for cross-talk supression and
     increased Neel temperature is disclosed. The transducer is formed by
     fabricating on a suitable substrate an antiferromagnetic material layer
     above and below the permalloy layer. The additional antiferromagnetic
     layer between the substrate and the permalloy increases the exchange
     coupling biasing of the magnetoresistive transducer thereby providing
     increased cross-talk supression and greater longitudinal bias. The
     location of the additional antiferromagnetic layer beneath the permalloy
     also increases the Neel temperature of the transducer. A permanent
     magnetic material can also be substituted for the antiferromagnetic
     material with the result that the longitudinal bias is increased by
     coupling to the upper and lower surfaces of the permalloy layer thereby
     doubling the effect."
"A giant magnetoresistant displacement sensor includes at least one layered
     structure. This layered structure includes a harder magnetic
     (ferromagnetic or antiferromagnetic) layer having a fixed magnetic state,
     a second, softer, magnetic layer, and a metal layer interposed between and
     contacting these two layers to prevent exchange coupling between the two
     layers. The sensor also includes one or more indexing magnets for inducing
     a domain wall, at a measurand position, between regions of nonaligned
     magnetic fields in the softer magnetic layer; and an ohmmeter for
     measuring electrical resistance between points on opposite sides of the
     structure. In operation, the indexing magnets for inducing a domain wall
     are positioned relative to the giant magnetoresistant strip. The
     resistance across the strip is measured, and from this resistance
     measurement the position of the domain wall is determined. The present
     invention is also a variable resistor, which is operated by positioning
     the magnets for inducing the domain wall at a selected position, to set
     the resistance across the strip to a desired value."
"A magnetoresistive detector comprising a stack of layers having different
     magnetic characteristics (magnetic metal multilayers) wherein there is
     provision, under the effect of an electrical field, for a transfer of
     electrons perpendicularly to the layers. To ensure several perpendicular
     transfers through the same stack of layers, this stack is enclosed between
     two electrodes, and the electrical conduction of the entire piece is
     interrupted by a cutting out of the structure in the form of teeth in a
     Greek key pattern."
"The MR imaging apparatus is provided with a cable handling unit for
     handling an RF cable, which comprises a slack-preventing mechanism for
     winding the RF cable and feeding the RF cable according to a motion of a
     cradle, a cable guide mechanism for guiding the RF cable and a
     twist-preventing mechanism for preventing a twist of the RF cable. The
     slack-preventing mechanism comprises a reel for winding the RF cable and
     feeding the RF cable and a tension-imparting mechanism for imparting a
     tension to the RF cable. The cable guide mechanism comprises a stationary
     guide provided in the gantry and a moving guide having one end linked to
     the stationary guide slidably and another end linked to the cradle
     rotatably. The twist-preventing mechanism comprises a reel which can
     rotate according to a motion of the cradle, wherein the reel winds the RF
     cable loosely in a predetermined number of turns so that when the reel
     rotates in a predetermined direction, the number of turns decreases and
     when the reel rotates reversely, the number of turns increases."
"A magnetic head includes a reproducing head comprising a leading magnetic
     shield film, an insulator, a magnetoresistance film, an insulator, and a
     trailing magnetic shield film formed on a substrate from the substrate to
     a trailing direction. The leading magnetic shield film is made of a soft
     magnetic thin film having an atomic ratio composition of the formula:
     T.sub.(100-x-y) M.sub.x N.sub.y wherein T is Fe, Co, Ni or a mixture
     thereof, M is B, Al, Si, Ti, V, Cr, Y, Zr, Nb, Mo, Ru, Hf, Ta, W or a
     mixture thereof, N is nitrogen, 0.1.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.25 and
     0.1.ltoreq.y.ltoreq.25 or a soft magnetic thin film consisting essentially
     of 60 to 80 at % of Fe, 5 to 15 at % of Al, 10 to 25 at % of Si, and 0.1
     to 20 at % of N. The magnetic head having such a shielded MR head is more
     durable and increased in productivity and yield."
"A thin-film magnetic head is situated on a carrier (2) on which an
     electrically conducting plating-base (2) is provided on which by
     electroplating flux conductors and a magnetically insulating layer (8) are
     grown. This provides a planar structure on which an electrically
     insulating layer and a magneto-resistance element are provided. The
     plating-base also constitutes the gap layer."
"For rapid measurement of workpieces having elemental shapes of known
     geometry in any orientation in space, the elemental shapes are scanned on
     a coordinate measuring machine which is equipped with a measuring probe
     head having a permissible measurement range (MR). The computer of the
     measuring machine is programmed with basic data for establishing a
     predetermined path of probe-scanning contact with the workpiece, the
     predetermined path being so calculated (1) that the probe ball of the
     probe will remain in continuous contact with the workpiece surface, (2)
     that probe-head measurements always occur within the permissible
     measurement range (MR) of the probe head, and (3) that probe-ball
     displacements reflect probe-head measurements that are taken as measured
     corrections of the predetermined path. The control system of the
     coordinate measuring machine monitors the permissible measurement range
     (MR) of the probe head and corrects for such bending of the probe pin as
     may occur in the course of scanning along the predetermined path."
"In a magnetoresistive head, a domain suppressing layer is formed under each
     of opposite ends of a magnetoresistive film. The domain suppressing layer
     is composed of a first ferromagnetic film, an antiferromagnetic film and a
     second ferromagnetic film which are laminated one over another in this
     order. Since the spin distribution of the antiferromagnetic film is
     transmitted to the magnetoresistive film via the second ferromagnetic
     film, a stable longitudinal bias magnetic field can be achieved,
     irrespective of the degree of contamination of the surface of the
     ferromagnetic film."
"A circuit for driving a dual-element magnetic head assembly made up of a
     magnetoresistive (MR) readback head and a recording head for recording and
     reproducing data out of a magnetic recording medium. When the head
     assembly ends a recording operation, the last recording magnetic field is
     oriented in a direction for deepening the bias to a MR element at all
     times. A bias electric field for the MR element is continuously applied
     even during recording operation. The circuit, therefore, stabilizes the
     bias to the MR element at the end of a recording operation, reduces noise
     during readback operation, and prevents the readback output from
     fluctuating every time a recording operation is performed."
"This invention relates to a magnetoresistive element used for a magnetic
     sensor, etc. A ferromagnetic magnetoresistive element thin film is formed
     so as to be electrically connected to and so as to overlap the upper end
     portion of an aluminum wiring metal on a substrate. Through using a vacuum
     heat treatment with a temperature between 350.degree. and 450.degree. C.,
     a Ni--Al-based alloy is formed at the overlapping portion. Therefore, even
     when a surface protection film of silicon nitride is subsequently formed
     by plasma CVD on the substrate, the alloy prevents the nitriding of the
     upper end portion of the aluminum wiring metal. Accordingly, the surface
     can be protected from moisture by the silicon nitride film without
     increasing the contact resistance between the magnetoresistive element
     thin film and the wiring metal. Instead of the Ni--Al-based alloy, other
     conductive metals such as TiW, TiN, Ti, Zr, or the like may be used. Also,
     the surface protection film may be a multi-layered film having a first
     film containing no nitrogen, such as a silicon oxide film, and a second
     film of silicon nitride film formed on the first film."
"In a magnetoresistive head capable of performing favorable magnetic
     recording and reproduction, an overlap width of a front yoke and a
     magnetoresistive element is always wider than an overlap width of a back
     yoke and the magnetoresistive element. Generally, the magnetoresistive
     head varies in its reproduction efficiency by the overlap width of the
     yoke and magnetoresistive element. In particular, the reproduction output
     is significantly affected by the overlap width of the front yoke and
     magnetoresistive element, and when the overlap width of the front yoke
     becomes narrower than the overlap width of the back yoke, the reproduction
     output tends to decrease abruptly. Therefore, by keeping the overlap width
     of the front yoke always wider than the other, a stable reproduction
     output can be achieved. In particular, an outstanding effect is obtained
     in a multi-channel magnetoresistive head containing multiple
     magnetoresistive elements in one head."
"A DC offset voltage is added to the analog timing signal in a peak
     detection data recovery circuit to cancel the timing asymmetry from a
     magnetoresistive head signal. An AC timing asymmetry cancellation circuit
     uses a charge pump, buffer amplifier and resistor divider to produce the
     proper DC offset voltage automatically."
"A method is provided for eliminating lead to shield electrical shorts at
     the ABS of an MR read head. The electrical shorts are eliminated by
     removing streaks of conductive material which extend between the
     conductive leads and the conductive shields across first and second
     insulative gap layers. A photoresist layer is formed over the edge surface
     of the MR stripe at the ABS along with coextensive widths of edge surfaces
     of other thin film surfaces at the ABS. The uncovered edge surfaces of the
     remaining thin film layers at the ABS are then subjected to reactive ion
     etching to remove about 500.ANG. of the uncovered edge surfaces. With a
     photoresist layer approximately 10 .mu.m thick, the edge surface of the MR
     stripe is fully protected during this process. After the etching step, the
     photoresist layer is removed and the MR read head is free of electrical
     shorts between the leads and the shields. This method is especially
     adaptable for batch production of MR read heads where the MR stripes are
     arranged in rows and columns on a wafer. Strips of photoresist are formed
     over the columns of MR stripes for their protection while the unwanted
     streaks of conductive material between the leads and the shields are
     removed by the aforementioned etching process."
"The magnetoresistive (MR) sensor in a magnetic read/write transducer is
     protected against the effects of electrical overstress and electrostatic
     discharge during the manufacture and assembly of a magnetic storage
     system. The conductive leads of a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor element are
     shorted together to provide a low resistance, conductive path bypassing
     the MR element and minimizing electrical current through the MR sensing
     element during discharge of static electrical charge. The MR sensor lead
     terminal pads provided on the transducer/slider surface are shorted
     together by soldering. The other transducer elements such as the MR
     magnetic shields, the inductive coil and the inductive magnetic yoke
     structure can also be shorted to the MR sensor leads by soldering together
     the lead terminal pads at the slider surface. Alternatively, a twisted
     conductor pair may be used to short the MR terminals together. Remotely
     located protective devices, such as reversed diode pairs, can also be
     connected across the MR sensor element utilizing the twisted pair. The
     short is removed prior to placing the MR head into operation in the
     magnetic storage system."
"A spin valve magnetoresistive (MR) sensor uses a multifilm laminated pinned
     ferromagnetic layer in place of the conventional single-layer pinned
     layer. The laminated pinned layer has at least two ferromagnetic films
     separated by an antiferromagnetically coupling film. By appropriate
     selection of the thickness of the antiferromagnetically coupling film,
     depending on the material combination selected for the ferromagnetic and
     antiferromagnetically coupling films, the ferromagnetic films become
     antiferromagnetically coupled. In the preferred embodiment, the pinned
     layer is formed of two films of nickel-iron (Ni--Fe) separated by a
     ruthenium (Ru) film having a thickness less than approximately 10 .ANG..
     Since the pinned ferromagnetic films have their magnetic moments aligned
     antiparallel with one another, the two moments can be made to essentially
     cancel one another by making the two ferromagnetic films of substantially
     the same thickness. As a result, there is essentially no dipole field to
     adversely affect the free ferromagnetic layer, which improves the
     sensitivity of the sensor and allows higher recording density to be
     achieved in a magnetic recording data storage system."
"A system for lapping a magnetoresistive (MR) sensor on a slider to a proper
     height is disclosed. The system comprises simultaneously lapping the MR
     lap monitor and the MR sensor positioned on the slider until a resistance
     of a variable resistor located within the MR lap monitor is approximately
     equal to a resistance of a target resistor located within the MR lap
     monitor. During the lapping process, a reference resistor located within
     the lap monitor is compared to both the variable and target resistors to
     prevent a lapping failure. In one preferred embodiment, the reference,
     target, and variable resistors are formed from a ferromagnetic metal
     alloy. The MR lap monitor and the MR sensor are lapped until a height of
     the ferromagnetic metal alloy forming the variable resistor is
     approximately equal to a height of the ferromagnetic metal alloy forming
     the target resistor."
"The ends of lead conductor layers, which ends mark the boundaries of a
     signal detection area are made substantially perpendicular in the vicinity
     of a magnetoresistance element, and are sloped in the vicinity of an upper
     shield so that the lead conductor layers are thicker away from the signal
     detection area; a recording gap is a regularly shaped gap at least over a
     spatial range corresponding to a signal detection area."
"There is provided a magnetoresistance effect element comprising a substrate
     and at least two magnetic thin layers which are laminated with interposing
     a non-magnetic thin layer therebetween on said substrate, wherein adjacent
     magnetic thin layers through the non-magnetic thin layer have different
     coercive forces, characterized in that a metal thin film is provided in an
     interface between at least one of the magnetic layers and the non-magnetic
     layer which is adjacent thereto, and the metal thin film is made of a
     substance which is different from that of the adjacent non-magnetic layer."
"The apparatus for homogeneous mixing of fluid components includes a feed
     tank (B1) for a liquid component having an overflow weir dividing the feed
     tank (B1) into a first chamber and a second chamber; another feed tank
     (B2) for another fluid component; a mixing pipe (MR) for mixing the fluid
     components; a pump (P3) having a regulated drive motor connected to the
     second chamber of the feed tank (B1) to feed the liquid component to the
     mixing pipe (MR); another pump (P1) connected to the other feed tank (B2)
     to feed the other fluid component to the mixing pipe (MR); a collecting
     tank (B3) having an overflow weir to maintain a uniform counter-pressure
     at the mixing pipe (MR) and being connected to the mixing pipe (MR) to
     receive the mixed product formed from the liquid component and the other
     fluid component; and additional pump (P2) for circulating the liquid
     component from the second chamber of the feed tank (B1) to the first
     chamber of the feed tank (B1) to maintain a level of the liquid component
     in the first chamber at a constant level below a constant level of the
     liquid component in the second chamber to provide a constant pressure
     difference across the pump (P1)."
"A member having a first and a second magnetic layer are magnetostatically
     coupled and laminated and the first magnetic layer formed on a
     magneto-resistive element, for creating the exchange coupling on the
     magneto-resistive element and the first magnetic layer. The member is
     formed by sequentially laminating a first ferromagnetic layer magnetized
     in a sense along the direction of the longitudinal bias of the
     magneto-resistive element, non-magnetic layer and second ferromagnetic
     layer magnetized in a direction opposite to the magnetized direction of
     the first ferromagnetic layer, for example."
"A magnetoresistive read head includes a magnetoresistive layer having a
     central active region and end domain control regions, an electrode layer
     connected to both ends of the magnetoresistive layer, a pattern for
     providing a transverse bias to the magnetoresistive layer, a soft magnetic
     film provided on both sides of the magnetoresistive layer for magnetically
     shielding the magnetoresistive layer, and a substrate for supporting the
     magnetoresistive layer, pattern and soft magnetic film. A distance between
     the two end domain control regions of the magnetoresistive layer
     indicative of a length of the central active region is smaller than a
     distance between inner end faces of the electrode layer and the distance
     between the inner end faces of the magnetoresistive substantially
     corresponds to a read track width. Since both inner end faces of the
     magnetoresistive layer are set to coincide with the inner end faces of the
     electrode layer or to be positioned inside thereof, the magnetoresistive
     read head can prevent generation of Barkhausen noise with a good yield.
     Further, a track width is determined substantially by the distance between
     the inner end faces of the hard magnetic layer so that there can be
     obtained a magnetoresistive read head which is good in its off-track
     characteristic as well as a magnetic storage system which uses the read
     head."
"In a magnetic disk device having a composite head with an induction type of
     recording head adjacent a magneto-resistance effect type of reproducing
     head, a read error relief is provided to relieve read errors caused by
     Barkhausen Noise or Base Line Shift phenomenon inherent to the
     magneto-resistance effect type of reproducing head. Upon occurrence of a
     read error, a re-try function is first executed, and a track offset
     function is executed for relief of the read error. However, if the read
     error is not relieved after the offset operation and the re-try operation
     have been performed a predetermined number of times, then a pseudo
     write-in and/or read current control operation is performed together with
     the offset operation and/or re-try operation for a predetermined number of
     times. The control operation varies the magnetic domain structure in the
     head magnetic film (MR film). The variation of magnetic field and/or read
     current in the head magnetic film causes the magnetic domain structure of
     the head magnetic film to be varied, so that the Barkhausen Noise or the
     Base Line Shift phenomenon are extinguished."
"The present inventors have discovered that a compact, highly sensitive
     current sensor can be made for any inductive component having an air gap
     in its magnetic path by disposing a layer of magnetoresistive material in
     the path of the fringing magnetic field. In the preferred embodiment, a
     thin magnetoresistive film of La.sub.w Ca.sub.x Mn.sub.y O.sub.z on a
     LaAlO.sub.3 /Al.sub.2 O.sub.3 substrate provides a high sensitivity in the
     range of 1-100 mV/ampere of DC current in the inductive component. The
     current sensor consumes a very small amount of power and provides the
     desirable electrical isolation between the sensor and the active device
     circuit."
"A method for operating a synchronized array of fixed block (FBA) formatted
     Direct Access Storage Devices (DASDs) to store and update variable-length
     (CKD) formatted records. This method is suitable for use with DASDs that
     obtain high recording density by using read and write head technology
     requiring ""micro-jogging"" to adjust for differing read and write head
     alignment or banded disk architecture having a higher block count in the
     outer tracks than in the inner tracks. Magneto-resistive heads may require
     micro-jogging to realign the write head for recording after reading the
     physical track location. The invention employs a DASD staggered array
     architecture having logical tracks consisting of diagonal-major sequences
     of consecutive blocks arranged in a predetermined wrap-around manner such
     as a topological cylinder or torus. The minimum necessary number of DASDs
     (N) in the staggered array is limited by the fixed block size (B), the
     interblock gap size (G), the average DASD data transfer rate (D), and the
     micro-jog delay time (T). A (N+1).sup.th DASD may be added to record the
     parity of each diagonal-major sequence for improved fault-tolerance."
"A hard magnetic thin film magnetized in one direction is disposed on or in
     the vicinity of a magneto-resistive element upon which inclined electrodes
     are formed. A magnetic field from the hard magnetic film magnetizes the
     magneto-resistive element stably so that the element has a single magnetic
     domain. Thus, the magneto-resistive head is remarkably stable with respect
     to the disturbance magnetic field and inhibits Barkhausen noise from being
     produced. As a result, the magneto-resistive head reproduces stably and
     with an improved S/N ratio."
"A method and apparatus is disclosed for adaptively controlling the biasing
     current applied to magnetoresistive (MR) read heads within a magnetic disk
     drive to provide optimized bias for each head/disk/channel component
     combination. An optimized bias current for each head is ascertained and
     stored on the disk surface at the time of manufacture. During each power
     up operation the values are transferred to random access memory which is
     accessed during the execution of each head switch command to apply bias
     current in accordance with the optimized value to the active MR head.
     Periodic reoptimization and updating of the stored values is effected by
     general error measurement circuitry that forms a part of the device
     control system and is invoked to perform the reoptimization upon the
     occurrence of an event such as a predetermined duration of power on
     operation subsequent to the last reoptimization procedure."
"We have discovered that the addition of a relatively small amount of Sr
     and/or Ba to La-Ca-Mn-O can yield material of improved magnetoresistive
     properties at room temperature and in a small applied field, as compared
     to the analogous Sr and/or Ba-free material. An exemplary composition is
     La.sub.0.55 Ca.sub.0.25 Sr.sub.0.08 MnO.sub.x. Material according to the
     invention has a substantially larger value of
     .vertline.d.rho./dH.vertline. than the analogous comparison material at
     25.degree. C. and H.ltoreq.0.05 Tesla. Preferred compositions also can
     exhibit a substantially linear dependence of resistivity on applied
     magnetic field under these conditions, as well as have a relatively large
     value of zero field resistivity. The novel materials can advantageously be
     used in applications that involve sensing of a magnetic field, or of
     changes in such a field."
"A magnetic recording data storage system of high recording density is made
     possible by an improved magnetoresistive sensor. The sensor has a
     ferromagnetic sensing layer that is a laminated layer of two ferromagnetic
     films antiferromagnetically coupled to one another and separated by an
     antiferromagnetically coupling film. By appropriate selection of the
     thickness of the nonmagnetic antiferromagnetically coupling film, the
     ferromagnetic films become antiferromagnetically coupled and their
     magnetizations rotate as a single rigid unit in the presence of the
     external magnetic field to be sensed. The ferromagnetic sensing layer can
     be used in conventional magnetoresistive sensors of the anisotropic
     magnetoresistive (AMR) type and in spin valve magnetoresistive (SVMR)
     sensors. In the spin valve sensor, the laminated ferromagnetic sensing
     layer serves as the free layer and is preferably formed of two films of
     nickel-iron (Ni-Fe) separated by a ruthenium (Ru) antiferromagnetically
     coupling film. Because the two ferromagnetic films have their moments
     aligned antiparallel, then, assuming the two films are made of the same
     material, by selecting the two films to have different thicknesses the
     effective free layer thickness can be reduced without significantly
     reducing the magnetoresistance."
"A device for recording an information signal on a magnetic record carrier
     comprises a recording amplifier (3), a magnetic head (4), and a controller
     for controlling the write current amplitude in dependence on temperature
     variations which occur during recording. This is effected by a temperature
     detector. The magnetic head (4) has a write section (5) for recording an
     information signal on the magnetic record carrier in a recording mode of
     the device, and a read section (6) for reading an information signal from
     the record carrier in a playback mode of the device. The read section (6)
     is of the magneto-resistive type. The temperature detector is formed by
     the read section."
"The invention relates to a dual magnetoresistive head (DMR) having a narrow
     track-width, defined as equal to or less than 10 times the height of its
     MR elements, for use in reproducing signals having short wavelengths
     greater than 100 kiloflux changes per inch. The track width reduction to
     less than 10 times the MR element height introduces new parameters into
     the determination of the DMR signal response. In particular, the
     directional sense of the magnetization vectors along the longitudinal axes
     of the two MR elements join with the transverse bias field direction and
     the signal field direction in determining the head response; that is, the
     head's performance is now determined by its ""three dimensional""
     characteristics, rather than the ""two dimensional"" characteristics as in
     the prior art. In the ""symmetric"" DMR, the longitudinal bias component in
     each of the DMR's magnetoresistive elements are parallel and oriented in
     the same direction, while in the ""anti-symmetric"" DMR the longitudinal
     bias components are parallel but are oriented in opposite directions. The
     symmetric DMR has an off- track response which allows it to possibly serve
     simultaneously as a tracking head as well as a data reproduce head, while
     the anti-symmetric DMR has a data signal output that can be more than
     twice that of the symmetric DMR."
"A method and apparatus for electrically exciting a magneto-resistor (MR)
     device that is adapted to sense variations in a magnetic field. Electric
     current is delivered to flow through the MR device and produce a voltage
     drop across the resistance the MR device, where the voltage drop varies in
     accordance with changes in the flux density of the sensed magnetic field.
     The current flowing through the MR device is limited to a predetermined
     maximum current value to prevent damage to the MR device due to self
     heating at elevated operating temperatures. When the delivered current is
     less than the predetermined maximum current value, the current flowing
     through the MR device is controlled to maintain a measured characteristic
     of the voltage drop appearing across the MR device at a desired value.
     This increases the sensitivity of the MR device over its operating
     temperature range to variations in the sensed magnetic field. In one
     embodiment, the delivered current is controlled to maintain the peak
     voltage appearing across the resistance of the MR device at a desired peak
     value. In another embodiment, the delivered current is controlled to
     maintain the average voltage appearing across the MR device at a desired
     average value."
"A magnetoresistance effect type thin film magnetic head includes a MR
     element having the electrical resistance changed according to a change in
     an applied signal magnetic field, a lead electrode for detecting a voltage
     change generated across the ends of the MR element in which a change in
     electrical resistance is generated, and high coercive force films for
     applying a weak magnetic field to the MR element. The high coercive force
     films are arranged in the proximity of the ends of the MR element and at a
     predetermined position between the ends. According to this structure, a
     weak magnetic field is applied in uniform over the entire MR element to
     facilitate unification of magnetic domain of the MR element even in the
     case of a long MR element. Therefore, unification of magnetic domain can
     easily be carried out over the entire region of the MR element without
     increasing the film thickness of the high coercive force film even in a
     case of a wide track width, resulting in a thin film magnetic head with no
     Barkhausen noise generation."
"A magnetoresistor (MR) and a non-magnetoresistor (NMR) are formed of indium
     antimonide or other magnetoresistive material in thermal proximity to each
     other on an integrated circuit substrate (100). Hall effect shorting
     strips (104) are formed on the magnetoresistor (MR) to make it much more
     magnetoresistive than the non-magnetoresistor (NMR). A current mirror (80)
     causes equal constant currents (I2) which do not vary with temperature to
     flow through the magnetoresistor (MR) and non-magnetoresistor (NMR), such
     that magnetoresistor and non-magnetoresistor voltages are developed
     thereacross respectively. The magnetoresistor and non-magnetoresistor
     voltages vary equally in accordance with temperature. The magnetoresistor
     voltage also varies in accordance with applied magnetic flux. A comparator
     (66) subtracts the non-magnetoresistor voltage from the magnetoresistor
     voltage to produce an output signal (Vout) with the temperature variation
     canceled, and which thereby varies only in accordance with magnetic flux.
     The current mirror (80) has an essentially infinite equivalent load
     impedance, such that the magnetoresistor voltage varies to a maximum
     possible extent with variation of the resistance of the magnetoresistor
     (MR) and the sensor (70) has a maximum possible output voltage swing."
"In a magnetoresistive magnetic head which has a permalloy film (2, 22) as
     the magnetoresistive film and also has a shunt film for applying a
     transverse biasing magnetic field, an Nb film (3, 23) is formed as the
     shunt film by the electron-beam evaporation method to increase the heat
     resistance of the magnetoresistive element, thus making it possible to
     increase the temperature at which the magnetic head is manufactured."
"A sealless magnetorheological fluid device is disclosed in the form of an
     engine mount which comprises a baffle plate (58) and a solenoid type coil
     (40) wrapped within a housing (20). The baffle plate diverts the flow of
     fluid into a more intimate contact with the coil to influence the
     characteristics of the fluid. The mount also comprises a first chamber
     (94), an elastomeric element 90 bonded to an attachment collar (88) and
     housing (20). An elastomeric bladder (95) is bonded to a lower surface of
     the housing to define a second chamber (96). Orifices (98) in housing (92)
     operate with coil (40) to define a valve for controlling the flow of the
     MR fluid."
"A system for recording and/or reproducing signals on a magnetic medium. The
     system comprises a tape cassette provided with a magnetic tape and an
     apparatus for cooperation with the tape cassette. The apparatus has a
     magnetic head comprising at least one magnetoresistive element having an
     easy axis of magnetization and a defined direction of magnetization
     extending at least substantially parallel to said axis. The system further
     comprises a reset cassette which can be loaded into the apparatus and
     which comprises a housing with a central opening for the passage of the
     magnetic tape and electronic means, arranged in the housing, for
     generating a non-alternating magnetic field at the location of the
     magnetic head when the reset cassette is present in the apparatus, which
     field has a direction similar to the defined direction of magnetization of
     the magnetoresistive element."
"A device and method for determining alignment accuracy between
     magnetoresistive elements and contacts of magnetoresistive heads formed on
     a wafer are disclosed. A first alignment test structure is defined using a
     first photomask. The first alignment test structure is formed from a first
     material having a first characteristic sheet resistivity. A second
     alignment test structure is defined using a second photomask. The second
     alignment test structure is formed from a second material having a second
     characteristic sheet resistivity lower than the first characteristic sheet
     resistivity. The second alignment test structure is formed in contact with
     the first alignment test structure. A resistance value is dependent upon
     the first and second characteristic sheet resistivities and upon alignment
     between the first alignment test structure and the second alignment test
     structure such that changes in alignment between the first and second
     alignment test structures result in changes in the resistance value.
     Changes in the resistance value are indicative of changes in alignment
     between magnetoresistive elements and contacts formed on the wafer."
"The magnetoresistance effect element is of a multilayered structure having
     at least magnetic layers and an intermediate layer of an insulating
     material, a semiconductor or an antiferromagnetic material against the
     magnetic layers, and the magneto-resistance effect element has terminals
     formed at least on the opposite magnetic layers, respectively, so that a
     current flows in the intermediate layer. The film surfaces of all the
     magnetic layers constituting the magnetoresistance effect element are
     opposed substantially at right angles to the recording surface of a
     magnetic recording medium. Therefore, the area of the magnetic layers
     facing the recording surface of the magnetic recording medium can be
     extremely reduced, and thus the magnetic field from a very narrow region
     of the high-density recorded magnetic recording medium can be detected by
     the current which has a tunneling characteristic and passes through the
     intermediate layer."
"A digital recording system utilizing a magnetoresistive transducer in a
     magnetic recording head. The system measures the amplitude of an output
     signal, E.sub.o, from the transducer for various bias currents as a
     recorded magnetic media passes by the head. The system then determines the
     bias current for which the output signal, E.sub.o, is maximized and
     multiplies that bias current by a suitable factor. The system then
     operates at the calculated bias current level, thereby minimizing the
     error rate of the system."
"A head holder with the following characteristics: it is compatible with MR
     (no metallic parts); it is adjustable for use with adults and children; it
     does not produce any degradation of imaging or spectroscopy raw data; it
     does not induce claustrophobia; it can be used as a fixation device for
     cervical spine MR examinations; and it can operate with any MR unit. A
     strap is placed around the head of the patient at the forehead, is
     tightened, and then the head with band attached is positioned for optimal
     comfort and examining advantage. Lock screws are then tightened, holding
     the head comfortably in three-dimensional space. Only a single band is
     placed over the forehead of the person and the rest of the fixation is
     provided by adjusting and locking screws located in the base and along the
     sides of the holder. This prevents the patient from being able to rotate
     his or her head from side to side or up and down. The holder is designed
     to fit into the MR table. This is a major improvement over existing
     devices in that it provides for patient comfort while providing adequate
     head support and fixation."
"An apparatus and method for determining the position of a magnetic head
     from a magnetic track in a storage medium. The magnetic head includes two
     magneto-resistive elements electrically separated by an insulative layer;
     current leads for biasing the MR elements and rotating the magnetization
     of the MR elements in opposite directions that are transverse from the
     respective axes of the elements; and circuitry to monitor the resistance
     changes of the respective MR elements and producing respective first and
     second output signals and to manipulate the output signals to provide an
     indication of the cross-track position of the magnetic head relative to
     the magnetic track."
"A magnetoresistive sensor has an air bearing surface, first and second
     vertical contacts having contact edges generally perpendicular to the air
     bearing surface, a generally rectangular magnetoresistive region having a
     first edge that comprises part of the air bearing surface and a plurality
     of additional edges which do not comprise part of the air bearing surface,
     and a permanent magnet layer having a magnetization vector oriented at
     45.degree. with respect to the air bearing surface, wherein the plurality
     of additional edges are generally within the permanent magnet layer. The
     magnetoresistive sensor provides a relatively square read sensitivity
     window because the sense current is maintained parallel to the air bearing
     surface throughout the magnetoresistive region. In addition, the sensor is
     lapping intolerant because the relative positions of the first and second
     vertical contacts and the magnetoresistive region do not change as the air
     bearing surface is lapped."
"A magnetoresistive medium for sensing magnetic fields is formed by a
     metallic alloy that contains spinodally decomposed ferromagnetic particles
     having at least one thickness dimension equal to or less than
     approximately 0.01 .mu.m."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor comprising a sputtered layer of
     ferromagnetic material and a sputtered layer of antiferromagnetic
     nickel-manganese (Ni-Mn) to provide an exchange coupled longitudinal bias
     field in the MR element is described. The antiferromagnetic layer overlays
     the MR layer and may be patterned to provide the longitudinal bias field
     only in the end regions of the MR layer. Alternatively, the
     antiferromagnetic layer can underlay the MR layer with a Zr underlayer to
     enhance the exchange-coupled field. As initially deposited, the Ni-Mn
     layer is face-centered-cubic and exhibits little or no exchange-coupled
     field. After one annealing cycle at a relatively low temperature, the
     Ni-Mn layer is face-centered-tetragonal and exhibits increased
     crystallographic ordering and provides sufficient exchange coupling for
     the MR element to operate. Addition of chromium to the Ni-Mn alloy
     provides increased corrosion resistance."
"A magnetic field gradient apparatus for use in a magnetic resonance (MR)
     imaging system employing open magnets allows access to a patient while the
     patient is being imaged. The magnetic field gradient apparatus employs two
     gradient coil assemblies and a gradient coil amplifier. Each gradient coil
     assembly has a gradient coil carrier with at least one gradient coil
     disposed on it. Each gradient coil carrier is comprised of a cylinder with
     a flange at one end. The gradient coil assemblies are positioned in the
     bore of each ring of the open magnet and spaced apart from each other
     allowing access to the patient. The gradient coil amplifier provides
     current through the gradient coils to create a magnetic field gradient
     which has high linearity inside an imaging volume. A coil is disposed on
     cylinders which surround each gradient coil assembly and fit inside the
     bore of each ring which acts as an active shield and minimizing eddy
     currents in conductors outside the gradient coil assemblies."
"A new and improved unshielded horizontal magnetoresistive head is disclosed
     which utilizes multiple pairs of magnetoresistive elements. The present
     invention provides a device which is characterized by reduced output
     signal undershoot amplitudes, and an increased central peak pulse
     amplitude, while not significantly affecting the resolution of the device.
     The device is also characterized by increased signal to noise and signal
     to interference ratios. Magnetoresistive elements utilized in the device
     may be fabricated and/or manufactured by simplified processes, resulting
     in fabrication, manufacturing and cost benefits for the magnetoresistive
     head. Any number of additional magnetoresistive element pairs may be
     utilized dependent on the accuracy and resolution required by the specific
     application."
"An MRI system includes static and gradient field generators for
     respectively generating static and gradient fields to be applied to an
     object, a radio-frequency (RF) field transmitter/receiver for transmitting
     and receiving an RF field, a sequence controller for applying the gradient
     field and the RF field to the object at a predetermined timing while the
     object is being applied with the static field, thereby causing a
     predetermined MR phenomenon, a signal processor for performing
     predetermined processing of MR signal data detected through the RF field
     transmitter/receiver to obtain an MR image, and a display for displaying
     the image obtained by the signal processor. The sequence controller
     comprises a multi-slice controller for executing a multi-slice method
     using a sequence with a relatively long echo time so that an MR signal of
     a proton of a fat is suppressed and an MR signal of a proton of a CSF is
     emphasized. The signal processor comprises a summation processor for
     synthesizing multi-slice images as a plurality of slice images by
     summation to obtain a synthesized image."
"An actuator assembly is provided for controlling the position of a
     multi-track, magneto-resistive transducer to index across tracks in a
     track seek mode and to rapidly adjust the position of the transducer in a
     servo controlled track following mode. The actuator includes a base, a
     beam spaced from the base and movable relative thereto, opposing upper and
     lower flexures in parallel planes connecting upper and lower portions of
     the base with upper and lower ends, respectively, of the beam, and an
     electromagnetic drive means. Each flexure comprises a constraining member
     fastened to and substantially covering a plate. The constraining member
     has a plurality of voids formed therein. In one embodiment, the voids
     comprise parallel openings extending through the constraining member; in
     another embodiment, the voids define a honeycomb structure; in still
     another embodiment, the voids define a corrugated structure. Each flexure
     also has an inner and an outer end, each of which includes a plurality of
     spaced apart, flexible, necked extensions projecting beyond a central
     portion of the constraining member. These necked extensions, to which the
     base and beam are connected, serve as the hinge points of the flexures to
     maintain the transducer in precise alignment with the tape without
     significant skewing."
"This invention provides an integrated, non-volatile, high-speed random
     access memory. A magnetically switchable ferromagnetic or ferrimagnetic
     layer is sandwiched between an electrical conductor which provides the
     ability to magnetize the magnetically switchable layer and a
     magnetoresistive or Hall effect material which allows sensing the magnetic
     field which emanates from the magnetization of the magnetically switchable
     layer. By using this integrated three-layer form, the writing process,
     which is controlled by the conductor, is separated from the storage medium
     in the magnetic layer and from the readback process which is controlled by
     the magnetoresistive layer. A circuit for implementing the memory in CMOS
     or the like is disclosed."
"A thin film magnetoresistive head is provided which has a magnetoresistive
     thin film sensing element. The film surfaces of the sensing element are
     bounded by top and bottom surfaces and a pair of side surfaces, the bottom
     surface forming a portion of an air-bearing surface. First and second
     sense current thin film lead layers are provided. The first lead layer is
     electrically connected to the top surface of the magnetoresistive element
     and the second lead layer is electrically connected to the bottom surface
     of the magnetoresistive element. First and second gap layers and first and
     second shield layers are provided. The magnetoresistive element is located
     between the first and second gap layers. The magnetoresistive element, the
     lead layers, and the first and second gap layers are located between the
     first and second shield layers. Provision is made for electrically
     connecting the second lead layer to the second shield layer and provision
     is made for electrically connecting the first and second shield layers.
     With this arrangement, shorting between the layers at the air-bearing
     surface of the head is overcome. Further, by proper electrical connection
     of these components to a turntable, electrical shorting between the head,
     at the air-bearing surface, and the surface of a magnetic disk rotating
     therebelow is overcome."
"A magnetoresistive device is described for detecting magnetic fields
     incorporating a sandwich structure of four layers, two of which are
     ferromagnetic and which are separated by a non-ferromagnetic metallic
     layer and where one ferromagnetic layer is adjacent a fourth
     antiferromagnetic layer and exhibiting exchange anisotropy with the
     adjacent ferromagnetic layer. The invention overcomes the problem of small
     changes in magnetoresistance and in controlling the magnetization response
     of the magnetoresistive device."
"A magnetoresistive head is fabricated with a high yield rate by preventing
     the electrode film from breaking down. An upper shield film is formed with
     an electrode separation layer and an upper gap film disposed between it
     and the electrode film. The electrode film is prevented from being etched
     when the upper shield film is subjected to ion milling as a result.
     Further, the upper gap film is laid on top of the electrode separation
     layer, and a lead is satisfactorily protected and prevented from being
     exposed. Thus, the upper shield film and the lead are prevented from
     becoming short-circuited as a result of the disconnection of the electrode
     film and the exposure of the lead."
"A manually positioned focussed energy transducer system facilitates medical
     procedures by allowing a physician to manually position the focal point of
     the focussed energy transducer to a selected tissue. The focal point of
     the focussed energy transducer is the location which tissue is destroyed
     when the energy transducer is activated. A tracking device tracks the
     position and orientation of the ultrasound transducer. An MR imaging
     system creates an image of internal structures of the patient near the
     location of the energy transducer. A superposition device receives the
     position and orientation of the ultrasound transducer from the tracking
     device and superimposes a symbol on the image corresponding to the
     position of the energy transducer relative to the patient. This allows the
     physician to adjust the position of the energy transducer to the
     appropriate location without the need for energizing the energy
     transducer."
"A magnetic recording and reproducing apparatus, comprising a magnetic
     recording medium, a head arrangement for reading data from or writing data
     on the magnetic recording medium including an inductive recording head and
     a magnetoresistive reproducing head, and a phase discriminating circuit
     for discriminating data `1` from peaks of a waveform reproduced by the
     head. The phase discriminating circuit has a differential circuit for
     differentiating the waveform, a pulse circuit for producing a zero cross
     pulse from a zero-level crossing point of the differentiated waveform, a
     discriminating circuit for discriminating `1` and `0` of the data with use
     of pulses output from the pulse circuit and a discriminating window needed
     for judgment of `1` and `0` of the data, and a decoding circuit for
     decoding and feeding out the data output of the discriminating circuit.
     The head comprises a recording head of inductive type, and a reproducing
     head of magnetoresistive type. The phase discriminating circuit comprises
     a circuit for controlling a magnetic bias level for the magnetoresistive
     reproducing head so that a change of resistance of the magnetoresistive
     reproducing head due to magnetic field is made virtually equal both at
     positive and negative polarity waveform peaks."
"Apparatus and method of even harmonic distortion compensation are provided
     for digital data detection in a disk file. The disk file includes a
     magneto-resistive (MR) head or other magnetic transducer head and an
     analog-to-digital converter (ADC) for providing a sampled readback signal.
     An even harmonic filter is coupled to the ADC for providing a filtered
     readback signal having only even harmonic components. An adder subtracts
     the filtered readback signal from the sampled readback signal for
     providing a compensated output signal. The compensated output signal is
     applied to a digital channel of the disk file."
"A magnetic multilayer is an alternate stack of a plurality of magnetic thin
     films containing Fe, Co or Ni and a plurality of Ag thin film. Both the
     films are formed by molecular beam epitaxy to a thickness of 2 to 60
     .ANG.. The multilayer has an axis of easy magnetization in a plane
     parallel to the surface and an in-plane squareness ratio of 0.5 or lower
     and exhibits antiferromagnetism. The multilayer shows giant
     magnetoresistance change in low magnetic fields, for example, a
     magnetoresistance change of 1 to 40% in a magnetic field of 0.01 to 20
     kOe."
"A magnetoresistance effect element includes a multilayer in which magnetic
     layers, mixture layers each constituted by a mixture of a ferromagnetic
     element and a non-ferromagnetic element, and nonmagnetic layers are
     stacked on each other so as to exhibit a magnetoresistance effect. In this
     element, each of the mixture layers is interposed between the magnetic
     layer and the nonmagnetic layer, and 2 (X.sub.1 /X.sub.n)/n is larger than
     1.1 where n is the number of atomic layers of the mixture layer, X.sub.1
     is the atomic concentration (%) of the ferromagnetic element of an atomic
     layer closest to the magnetic layer, and X.sub.n is the atomic
     concentration (%) of the ferromagnetic element of an n-th atomic layer
     closest to the nonmagnetic layer."
"A magnetoresistive sensor includes a track width oxide layer which overlies
     a magnetoresistive element. Etch stop layers lie on opposite sides of the
     magnetoresistive element adjacent a magnetoresistive element.
     Contact/boundary control layers overlie the etch stop layer and lie
     adjacent the track width oxide layer. A separate loft oxide layer overlies
     the contact/boundary control layers and the track width oxide layer. The
     magnetoresistive sensor is formed by depositing a track width oxide to a
     thickness of the contact/boundary control layers."
"A magnetic thin film memory device having information recorded in a
     magnetic thin film thereof by the direction of magnetization, and adapted
     to reproduce the recorded information on the basis of the voltage
     generated as a result of the change of the magnetization direction due to
     the extraordinary Hall effect, magnetoresistance effect or the like.
A magnetic thin film memory device in which a magnetic thin film is formed
     of ferrimagnetic substance having perpendicular magnetic anisotropy, and
     producing extraordinary Hall effect in the composition of RE rich and
     having the minimum saturation field which enables recording in a small
     magnetic field and is hard to be influenced by temperatures."
"A magnetic detecting circuit has a magneto resistance element which
     converts a change of magnetism detected into a signal. A plurality of
     these magneto resistive elements are provided on a plane, and are oriented
     on the plane in two opposite directions having angles, relative to a bias
     direction, having substantially equal absolute values. The placement in
     opposite directions allows the resistance values from the elements to
     change in approximately the same direction as the object moves, to allow a
     monotonic change in the bias magnetic field. The change of the bias
     magnetic field can be detected from the change of resistance values of the
     magneto resistive elements."
"An apparatus and method for detecting magnetic data on media is disclosed
     which utilizes an array or arrays of horizontal magnetoresistive sensors.
     The present invention detects the pitch or separation of magnetic
     transition data on the magnetic medium under test, and generates a signal
     that is independent of the velocity of the medium. In one embodiment, the
     magnetoresistive sensors employed in an array are spaced apart a distance
     which corresponds to the separation of magnetic transition data of
     interest, and the output of each sensor is connected to a voltage adder.
     The signal from the voltage adder is at a maximum when the separation of
     the magnetic transition data corresponds to the sensor separation. A
     comparator is connected to the output of the voltage adder, and compares
     the voltage adder output to a predetermined threshold voltage before
     indicating that a medium having a particular magnetic transition data
     pattern is detected. Alternate embodiments contemplate connecting linear
     circuitry, digital circuitry, fuzzy logic or other electronic circuitry to
     the array of magnetoresistive sensors. An apparatus according to the
     present invention is accurate, requires a minimum of parts, is simple and
     inexpensive to manufacture, and may be employed in a currency validator,
     magnetic card reader or the like."
"An MR head includes two substantially identical MR elements, separated by a
     thin film non-magnetic spacer which is electrically conductive along at
     least a portion of its length. A current applied to the MR head splits
     into two respective substantially equal currents that flow in the same
     direction through the substantially identical MR elements, to provide
     mutual bias and to serve as sense currents for detecting change in element
     resistance. The MR elements are biased to operate in a magnetically
     unsaturated mode. This results in a ""bootstrapping"" of short wavelength
     signals that effectively amplifies the reproduced signal over a broad
     region of the signal spectrum when the linear spacing between the MR
     elements is in the range of from one half to one times the half-wavelength
     of signals recorded on a magnetic recording medium."
"An envelope follower is provided which reduces defect propagation when
     reading analog information signals from a read head of, for example, an
     optical drive or a magneto-resistive tape drive. In a preferred
     embodiment, the envelope follower includes a differential amplifier, to
     sense the difference between the amplitude of the information signal and
     an envelope voltage across a capacitor, and a current mirror, responsive
     to the differential amplifier, to charge the capacitor at a predetermined
     rate when the amplitude of the information signal exceeds the envelope
     voltage. When the amplitude of the information signal is below the
     envelope voltage, the current mirror is deactivated by the differential
     amplifier and the capacitor is allowed to discharge through a voltage
     divider. The output of the voltage divider is a threshold voltage which is
     compared with the information signal by another comparator to generate a
     digital signal representative of the analog information signal, typically
     used as a qualifier in a qualified peak detector."
"A direct access storage device (DASD) system uses a read/write head having
     a wide transducer write element and a narrow magneto-resistive read
     element. In order to avoid mistakenly reading a incompletely erased old
     data field, the system uses a verification procedure. Data are read at two
     positions along the data track which are separated by a radial distance D.
     This distance D is selected to be greater than the width of any
     incompletely erased data record. If the data read at the two read
     positions are equal, then the data are deemed to be correct and are sent
     to a host system."
"An apparatus of sensing a magnetic field using a ceramic superconductor
     magneto-resistive element having a superconductor magneto resistive effect
     of non linear characteristic against the applied magnetic field, there is
     provided a coil for applying a bias magnetic field to the
     magneto-resistive element, the coil is connected to a feed back power
     source for supplying current for holding the output of the
     magneto-resistive element constant value, whereby the applied magnetic
     field is measured by the current supplied to the coil.
There is disclosed also a device for sensing a magnetic field using a
     magneto-resistive element comprising a superconductor member having weak
     coupling grain boundaries, said device comprising means for applying A.C.
     bias magnetic field to said element, and means for taking out an output
     voltage of the element generated by application of the bias magnetic field
     as the signal representing the intensity of the applied magnetic field."
"A magnetoresistance-effect thin film head including a substrate, a magnetic
     field sensing element provided on the substrate, an electrode layer having
     portions respectively extending from the opposite ends of the magnetic
     field sensing element to apply a sense current to the magnetic field
     sensing element so that the sense current will flow in the direction of a
     signal magnetic field, an insulating layer formed over the magnetic field
     sensing element, a bias magnetic field creating conductor formed on the
     insulating layer so as to extend across the magnetic field sensing
     element, and a magnetic shielding layer shielding the magnetic field
     sensing element. At least a portion of the electrode layer and a portion
     of the bias magnetic field creating conductor are included in a conductive
     pattern."
"A proximity sensor which has planar magnetoresistive elements lying in the
     plane of a radial magnetic field. The magnetoresistive elements arranged
     in a bridge configuration and are magnetically saturated by the radial
     magnetic field. The proximity sensor detects the approach of a
     ferromagnetic object by detecting movement of the effective center of the
     radial magnetic field."
"A magnetic sensor has a elongate sensor region formed by an elongate
     magneto-resistive element and an overlapping elongate conductive element.
     The ends of the magneto-resistive element and the conductive element are
     connected to terminals which are arranged in an array which is spaced in a
     predetermined direction from the elongate sensor region. The array may be
     at one side or one end of the elongate sensor region, and the terminals
     may have a linear arrangement within the array. The two terminals
     connected to the magneto-resistive element are preferably adjacent, and
     preferably the terminals connected to the ends of the magneto-resistive
     element and the conductive element closer to the array are also adjacent.
     A common terminal may be provided. Two such sensors may form a sensor
     array which is particularly suitable for use in a position sensor in e.g.
     a torque sensor of a power steering system."
"An in-vivo correction method for the non-linear, shape dependent spatial
     distortion in MR images due to magnetic field inhomogeneity including
     inhomogeneity due to susceptibility variations is disclosed. Geometric
     distortion at the air/tissue and tissue/bone interfaces before and after
     the correction is quantified using a phantom. The results are also
     compared to the ""distortion-free"" CT images of the same phantom. Magnetic
     susceptibility of cortical cattle bone was measured using a SQUID
     magnetometer and found to be -8.86 ppm which is quite similar to that of
     tissue (-9 ppm). The distortion at the bone/tissue boundary was negligible
     while that at the air/tissue boundary created displacements of about 2.0
     mm with a1.5T main magnetic field and a 3.13 mT/m gradient field, a
     significant value if MR images are used to localize targets with the high
     accuracy expected for stereotaxic surgery. The correction method reduces
     the errors to at least the same level of accuracy as CT."
"A switched-magnetization closed-loop magnetometer having a magnetoresistive
     bridge for sensing external magnetic fields. The output signal from the
     bridge to an amplifier, is magnetically nulled by a feedback coil. Each of
     the bridge elements have a magnetic easy axis that is periodically and
     magnetically flipped by a reset coil. The output of the amplifier goes to
     an analog switch and an integrator in one or the other order. The output
     of the analog switch or the integrator may go on to a sample and hold
     circuit, or other sampling device, that alternately samples the output to
     it in synchronism with the reset coil. The output is processed by a low
     pass amplifier. A clock provides signals to the reset coil, the analog
     switch and the sample and hold switch."
"A temperature compensated magnetoresistive position sensor is disclosed.
     The sensor includes two magnetoresistor (MR) elements biased with magnetic
     flux from a permanent magnet, and connected electrically in series with a
     precision resistor and a voltage source. A magnetically permeable slide
     bar is movable to positions within a defined range adjacent to the sensor
     for varying the magnetic flux and changing the resistance of each MR
     element, while maintaining the sum of the resistances of the MR elements
     essentially constant. For a given slide bar position, the voltage drops
     appearing across the precision resistor and the MR elements are processed
     by a computer to determine the value for a resistance ratio, where the
     resistance ratio equals the resistance of one of the MR elements divided
     by the sum of the resistances of both MR elements at the sensor operating
     temperature. The determined value for the resistance ratio is transformed
     based upon the sum of the MR element resistances to obtain a compensated
     resistance ratio value that would occur for the same slide bar position at
     room temperature. The compensated resistance ratio value is then used in
     conjunction with the known behavior of the sensor at room temperature to
     provide an accurate indication of the slide bar position that is
     essentially unaffected by the influenced of sensor operating temperature.
     A correction term can also be added to the compensated resistance ratio
     value to account for any mechanical offset associated with sensor
     component tolerances."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) device and barrier formation process is disclosed
     in which a barrier layer of an aluminum-titanium oxidic compound of
     approximately 35 .ANG. thickness is formed between a first alumina film
     and an overlying material of iron bearing content, such as nickel-iron.
     The aluminum-titanium oxidic compound layer serves as an etchant barrier
     for the alumina film in a subsequent etching process to reduce or
     eliminate ""rosette"" formation otherwise occurring when etchant is trapped
     within pores of a porous substrate such as ferrite, ceramic or other
     polycrystalline material. The barrier layer also serves as a passivation
     layer to prevent the surface of the underlying alumina film from being
     modified by the transfer of ultrasonic energy during subsequent
     wirebonding processing which would otherwise result in film delamination
     at the nickel-iron/alumina layer interface."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer in which a layered structure
     comprising an MR layer, an antiferromagnetic material in direct contact
     with the MR layer and a thin layer of interdiffusion material in contact
     with the layer of antiferromagnetic material is subjected to a heating
     process to a temperature within a chosen temperature for a chosen time to
     form a magnetic interface between the antiferromagnetic material the MR
     layer. The magnetic interface produces a high level of exchange bias with
     the MR layer."
"A nonvolatile magnetoresistive (MR) storage device comprising a plurality
     of MR storage elements, each comprising a substrate and a multilayered
     structure including two thin film layers of ferromagnetic material
     separated by a thin layer of nonmagnetic metallic conducting material. The
     magnetization easy axis of both ferromagnetic layers in each storage
     element is oriented substantially lengthwise of the storage elements and
     substantially parallel to the direction of an applied sense current. The
     magnetization direction of one of the ferromagnetic layers is fixed in a
     direction substantially lengthwise of the storage elements, and the
     magnetization direction of the other layer is free to switch between two
     digital states in which the magnetization is substantially parallel or
     substantially antiparallel to the magnetization direction in the one
     layer."
"Circuitry is provided that interconnects a plurality of MR heads on a
     substrate with control circuitry using a lesser number of interconnecting
     paths. This reduces the number of required substrate pins to which the
     interconnecting paths are connected. The reduced number of substrate pins
     is such that it enables manufacturing and processing techniques to
     accommodate an increased number of MR heads on a given substrate over that
     which would be possible with the prior art interconnecting techniques."
"In a magnetic resonance imaging system having an automatic power control
     function for adjusting the transmission power of an RF pulse so as to set
     a desired flip angle of a spin, in an automatic power control mode, a
     plane including only a portion of an object to be examined in an imaging
     region having a uniform field intensity, e.g., a transaxial plane or a
     plane slightly inclined from the transaxial plane is excited by a gradient
     magnetic field Gz in the direction of the body axis of the object as a
     slice gradient magnetic field regardless of a plane to be imaged. The peak
     values of MR echo signals are detected while the transmission power of the
     RF pulse is changed. An RF pulse transmission power at which the maximum
     peak value appears is detected from these detection values. The
     transmission power of the RF pulse in imaging, i.e., the output of an RF
     oscillator having a predetermined frequency, is attenuated on the basis of
     the relationship between the transmission power and the maximum peak
     value, thereby adjusting the attenuation amount of an attenuator for
     supplying a current to an RF coil."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor comprising a layered structure having at
     least one trilayer comprising a first and a second thin film ferromagnetic
     layers separated by and in interfacial contact with a third thin film
     non-metallic layer. A fourth thin film layer of material is within the
     first ferromagnetic layer, and the fourth layer has a thickness between a
     fraction of a monolayer and several monolayer and is located at
     predetermined distance from the interface between the first and third
     layers. A current flow is produced through the MR sensor and variations in
     resistivity of the MR sensor produced by rotation of the magnetization in
     one or both of the ferromagnetic layers is sensed as a function of the
     magnetic field being sensed."
"A multilayer magnetoresistive (MR) sensor formed on a substrate includes
     alternating layers of a ferromagnetic material and a non-magnetic metallic
     material. The ferromagnetic material and the non-magnetic material form
     bilayers which exhibit the property that the magnetoresistance of the
     multilayered structure oscillates as a function of thickness of the
     non-magnetic material. A current flow is produced through the MR sensor,
     and the variations in the resistivity of the MR sensor are sensed as a
     function of the magnetic field being sensed."
"The attachment device has a plurality of attachment projections (1) and
     respective retaining elements (MR). The attachment projections (1) are
     essentially cylindrical and project from the bottom wall of the cavity (2)
     formed in the one-piece casing (3), produced by plastics blow molding
     techniques, of the sunvisor. The cavity (2) receives the vanity mirror
     boxlike shell (4) so that the attachment projections (1) penetrate in the
     interior of the boxlike shell (4) through respective through holes (7).
     The boxlike shell (4) is firmly fixed in the cavity (2) by retaining means
     (MR) constituted by a plastic deformation (10) of the free end of the
     attachment projection (1), or by a self-tapping screw (11) or by an
     internally toothed washer (12), or by a self-tapping nut (14) which, in
     any case, presses the boxlike shell (4) against the bottom wall of the
     cavity (2)."
"A magnetoresistive head having a structure based on a two-layer film having
     a first film exhibiting a magnetoresistive effect and a second film
     comprising Nb and at least one element selected from the group consisting
     of Ti, Cr, Mo, Zr, W, Pt, Re, V, Hf, Ta, Rh, Ni and Ru as an additive
     element."
"A tachometer assembly for monitoring the rotation of an output shaft for
     measuring the rotational velocity and position of rotating shafts, and
     more specifically, to a magneto-resistive tachometer assembly which
     incorporates a dual purpose cover which, during normal use, fits over the
     tachometer drum and electronic sensor package to give physical protection
     to the unit. In a shipping mode, however, the cover is reversed and
     performs the function of an alignment tool in that a radial gap between
     the magnetic drum and magneto-resistive sensor may be preset at the
     factory during assembly of the unit. Reversal of the cover to its normal
     in use position is done in such a way that the preset radial gap is
     undisturbed."
"A lamination type magneto-resistive head used for a magnetic reproducing
     apparatus is formed by laminating two magneto-resistive heads, at least
     with the position of two magneto-resistive elements substantially shifted
     from each other for lamination and also enabling a plurality of track
     formats to be conformed, thus making it possible to assure stable outputs
     at a low frequency range."
"An arrangement for reproducing a digital signal from a track on a magnetic
     record carrier (20) includes a magnetic read head (21) having a magneto
     resistive element ( 107), and an equalizer filter circuit (23) for
     equalizing the output signal of the read head. The equalizer filter
     circuit (23) includes an IIR filter (29) and FIR (30). The IIR filter (29)
     equalizes magnitude and group delay of the signal applied to its input in
     a low frequency region of the signal frequency range. The FIR filter
     equalizes at least the magnitude of the signal applied to its input in a
     higher frequency region of the signal frequency range. Viewed in the
     direction of transport of the record carrier, the MR head has a front side
     and a back side. One of the sides (41) has a magnetic shielding for the MR
     element (107) which is larger than the magnetic shielding of the other
     side (40). The MR head (21) is positioned relative to the track so that
     the front side (40) has the lesser magnetic shielding."
"In a device for the reading of a set of resistive elements (1.0, . . . ,
     1.n) in which an interrogation potential (V.sub.0) is applied at each
     instant to an element while a reference potential (v) is applied to the
     other elements, a stabilization circuit (CS) operates to keep the reading
     ports (L.0, . . . , L.n) at the reference potential. The present invention
     may find particular application to the reading of the elementary
     magnetoresistive heads of a magnetic reading head."
"In an MR (magnetic resonance) imaging method, not only eddy current field
     is compensated, but also a gradient field vibrated by a mechanical
     vibration caused by the eddy current is compensated. The method for
     imaging a biological body under medical examination by utilizing a
     magnetic resonance phenomenon under influence of a static magnetic field
     and a gradient magnetic field to acquire an MR image of a preselected
     slice portion within the biological body, comprising the steps of:
     producing a first drive current on which an eddy current field
     compensating current has been superimposed: producing a vibrating-field
     compensating current for compensating a gradient field vibrated by the
     eddy current; and superimposing the vibrating-field compensating current
     on the first drive current to obtain a second drive current. The second
     drive current is supplied to a gradient coil assembly for generating a
     gradient field whose vibrating field component has been compensated."
"A bidirectional thin-film magnetoresistive tape head assembly. The
     invention minimizes wear on the head assembly by: (1) minimizing the
     distance between the read elements and their respective write elements,
     (2) forming the head assembly from hard materials, and (3) placing a hard
     block between the read and write elements. The head assembly uses only a
     single pair of read and write elements per data track, but the pairs are
     reversed with respect to each other so that the head assembly is capable
     of reading-while-writing on the tape in both directions."
"A magnetic disk system comprises a magnetic head for writing data on and
     reading data from a magnetic disk as a recording medium and a magnetic
     disk unit having a head positioning mechanism for positioning the magnetic
     head on a selected track of the magnetic disk without forming servo
     information on the magnetic disk. The magnetic head comprises an MR film
     which is disposed parallel to the direction of the width of a track of the
     magnetic disk, current supplying electrodes disposed to be in contact with
     both ends of the magnetic film which are opposed in the direction of the
     track width and a signal detecting electrode disposed between the current
     supplying electrodes to be in contact with the MR film. The width of the
     signal detecting electrode is less than 1/3 of that of the current
     supplying electrodes. The magnetic disk system permits highly accurate
     alignment of the magnetic head with closely spaced tracks."
"An amplifier for biasing and amplifying the signals produced by a
     magnetoresistive element is provided. The input stage of this circuit
     includes two transistors in a differential common base configuration
     having a low input impedance. Since the two transistors are coupled to
     separate identical current sources, balance between the currents through
     the two transistors is maintained. The currents are balanced without the
     use of a feedback loop. Additional input stages may be added to allow
     signals from additional magnetoresistive elements to be selected and
     amplified. By using a common mode switching configuration, switching
     transients are greatly reduced."
"A gradient magnetic field-generating coil assembly of MR imaging apparatus
     has a cylindrical core member for carrying coil windings that is divided
     into at least two cores at a central portion of a magnet bore, a gap is
     set up between the two cores at the central portion of the magnet bore and
     each core is provided at its opposite ends with parts for fixing it to the
     magnet, whereby the natural vibration frequency of the core can be
     deviated from an exciting force frequency and sound prevailing in the
     outside of the core and sound in the inside can be brought into
     interference with each other to thereby suppress vibration of the cores at
     the central portion of the magnet bore and reduce noise."
"A method and apparatus are provided for analyzing the elemental
     constituents of fluid streams in the cellulose pulp industry, such as
     liquid with dissolved solids for treatment of cellulose pulp or from the
     treatment of cellulose pulp, or liquid slurries including comminuted
     cellulose material. Continuous on-line elemental analyses are made of one
     or more such fluid streams, and at least the partial elemental make-up
     (either material, or of elements added for marking) of the streams
     determined. Then one or more processes for acting on the fluid streams are
     controlled to optimize the processes as a result of the analyses made. The
     invention is particularly useful in the continuous on-line analysis of
     black liquor utilizing prompt gamma neutron activation analysis, and
     controlling the operation of an evaporator or recovery boiler. The
     invention is also applicable to a paper pulp slurry in which case the
     carbon content of the slurry is analyzed to determine the precise solids
     consistency, and may employ NMR or 'H-MR."
"A magnetoresistance sensor of this invention is designed to detect a
     magnetic field on the basis of a change in electric resistance of a
     magnetoresistance layer, and includes a substrate, the magnetoresistance
     layer, a magnetization stabilizing layer for stabilizing magnetization of
     the magnetoresistance layer, and an electrical conductive layer formed on
     the magnetoresistance layer or the magnetization stabilizing layer. The
     sensor is characterized in that the magnetoresistance layer and the
     magnetization stabilizing layer are stacked on each other such that the
     layers are magnetically coupled to each other at their two end regions
     with an exchange coupling force higher than that at the remaining region.
     With this arrangement, there is provided a magnetoresistance sensor having
     high sensitivity, which can apply a desired bias magnetic field to the MR
     layer while preventing the bias magnetic field from being disturbed by a
     magnetic field from a magnetic recording medium or the like."
"A magnetoresistance effect type head including a ceramic substrate, a first
     magnetic film provided on the ceramic substrate, a second magnetic film
     provided above the first magnetic film, first and second insulating films
     provided between the first and second magnetic films, a magnetoresistance
     effect type film provided between the first and second insulating films, a
     bias film provided between the first and second insulating films in
     contact with the magnetoresistive film for applying magnetic field to the
     magnetoresistive film, a first conductive film provided between the first
     and second insulating films and above the bias film to be nearly as thick
     as the mean free path of free electrons, and a second conductive film of
     an electrode structure mutually separated between the first and second
     insulating films in contact with the first conductive film. The first
     conductive film is a nickel-chromium film or a chromium film which is
     resistive to a fluorocarbon-series gas to be used for etching. The second
     conductive film is made of a metal which is etched with a
     fluorocarbon-series gas and which has a thickness of 200 nm or more. The
     bias film and the magnetoresistance effect type film are protected from
     over-etching. The second conductive layer is made up of two metallic
     layers having contact tightness with the second insulating film and a
     third metallic layer which is sandwiched between the two metallic layers
     and which has a conductivity larger than the two metallic layers and also
     a thickness larger than the two metallic layers."
"A preamplifier circuit amplifies signals from a magneto-resistive element.
     The preamplifier circuit utilizes a voltage regulator to regulate one
     terminal of a magneto-resistive element at a predetermined voltage. A
     first feedback loop is used to minimize a differential DC component and a
     differential low frequency component of the differential output signal. A
     second feedback loop is utilized to cause a common mode component of the
     differential output signal to track an externally supplied reference
     voltage. The preamplifier of the present invention protects the
     magneto-resistive elements from short circuits of the disc medium, is
     powered by a single-ended power supply, and is capable of being coupled
     with other circuitry without physical coupling capacitors."
"A movement detector device consumes less power and provides a high
     detection reliability. The teeth on a rotating gear are magnetically
     detected. There are a number of interconnected magneto-resistors MR1
     through MRi connected in series, with the series circuit connected between
     a power supply line and a ground line. There are output signal pickup
     points P1 through P7 at the connections between the adjacent
     magneto-resistors. Signals outputted from these signal pickup points P1
     through P7 are shifted in their phases by 1/2period with respect to each
     other. These signals are paired, and each of the paired signals is fed to
     a differential amplifier circuit to provide signals E1 through E4 as
     detection signals. In another embodiments, a linear member has a number of
     magnetic spots which may be detected in the same manner that the gear
     teeth are detected."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer and method of fabricating same. A
     soft magnetic layer and an MR layer extend over a central active region
     and passive end regions of the transducer. A nonmagnetic spacer layer
     separates the soft magnetic film layer and MR layer and extends over the
     central active region and at least part of both passive end regions. An
     antiferromagnetic layer directly contacts the MR layer only in the end
     regions and produces an exchange bias field between the antiferromagnetic
     layer and the MR layer that is oriented at a preselected acute angle to
     the longitudinal direction of the transducer. This results in the MR layer
     being oriented at the preselected acute angle and the soft magnetic film
     layer in the passive end regions being transversely oriented by
     magnetostatic coupling to the MR layer. To fabricate the transducer, the
     antiferromagnetic layer is annealed in an external field above the Neel
     temperature to produce the canted exchange bias field. As a result of the
     canting, the magnetic moments of the central active region and the passive
     end regions are matched during a read operation."
"A magnetic recording data storage system includes a magnetic recording
     medium having pits formed therein, the pits defining recording tracks on
     the magnetic recording medium and being arranged in a staggered manner
     relative to respective center lines of the recording tracks, a magnetic
     head including an inductive element for recording data on the recording
     tracks and a magnetoresistive element for reproducing data from the
     recording tracks, one of (1) a unit for magnetically producing a signal
     from the pits, and (2) an optical unit for optically producing a signal
     from the pits, the optical unit including a laser for illuminating the
     pits, servo means for positioning the head on the recording tracks based
     on the signal produced from the pits, the servo means including a
     dual-stage actuator including a rough movement portion and a fine movement
     portion."
"A magnetic encoder containing a magnetic drum having on its side surface a
     plurality of magnetic signal-generating means having different magnetic
     pole pitches, and a plurality of magnetoresistance elements each disposed
     opposite to each of the magnetic signal-generating means. The magneto
     resistance elements include a plurality of series-connected thin,
     ferromagnetic layer patterns having a magnetoresistance effect so that an
     output signal of each magnetoresistance element is in the form of a
     substantially sinusoidal curve. The magnetic pole pitch of one magnetic
     signal-generating means is 5 times or more the magnetic pole pitch of
     other magnetic signal-generating means, and the magnetoresistance element
     opposite to the magnetic signal-generating means having a larger magnetic
     pole pitch includes by 5 or more series-connected thin, ferromagnetic
     layer patterns within the range of one-fourth the larger magnetic pole
     pitch."
"A shorted dual MR head which is magnetically shielded for the purpose of
     isolating the dual MR head from extraneous magnetic fields and from long
     wavelength recorded signals which could cause nonlinear distortion of the
     dual MR head but not shielded for the purpose of improving linear
     resolution. The magnetic shields do not significantly affect linear
     resolution of the dual MR head and can be spaced apart from the dual MR
     head over a wide range of separation distances limited by factors other
     than the characteristic bit length of the magnetic signal to be resolved.
     In one embodiment, at least one shielding element for the dual MR head can
     be one of the poles or other components of an inductive record head and,
     together, the two heads can form an integrated thin-film inductive
     record/MR reproduce head assembly."
"A data storage system comprises magnetoresistive (MR) sensing elements for
     sensing data from a recording medium that is referenced to ground, and an
     amplifier circuit including a biasing stage, an amplifying stage, and a
     matching stage, each referenced to a common supply voltage source and to
     ground. The biasing stage includes a reference current source for
     selectively biasing each MR element with a constant current and, in so
     doing, developing a single-ended voltage signal having a first dc
     component. The amplifying stage converts the single-ended voltage signal
     into an amplified single-ended output voltage signal having a second dc
     component but in which the first dc component is eliminated. The matching
     stage creates a bias and imposes said bias on the amplifying stage for
     converting the single-ended output voltage signal to a differential output
     voltage signal in which the second dc component is eliminated."
"A subtractive time of flight technique for MR angiography and quantitative
     blood flow measurement. Proton spins of water in the arterial supply to a
     tissue or organ are inverted in a steady-state fashion by applying
     constant amplitude off-resonance radio frequency pulses in the presence of
     a constant linear magnetic field gradient to effect adiabatic fast passage
     transport-induced inversion of spins which move in the direction of the
     gradient. An angiogram is formed by subtracting an image acquired with the
     arterial inversion pulse from a control image acquired with no arterial
     inversion. By inverting the spins in a steady-state manner, no cardiac
     gating is necessary for imaging organs. However, cardiac gating is
     desirable when imaging the heart so that spins of blood passing through
     the coronary arteries can be inverted during systole, when most of the
     blood is in the left ventricle, and imaged at end diastole, when most of
     the blood is in the coronary arteries. A coronary angiogram is then formed
     by subtracting images acquired with and without the inversion pulse. Also,
     by applying several inverting and imaging pulses during a cardiac cycle in
     accordance with the technique of the invention, a characteristic banding
     pattern may be formed in the fluid whereby each band corresponds to a
     population of spins that experienced inversion due to a single RF pulse.
     Since the width of the inversion band is proportional to the duration of
     the RF pulse and the velocity of the spin, measurement of the thickness of
     the inverted and uninverted bands allows for calculation of flow velocity.
     By gating such a pulse sequence to the cardiac cycle, time resolved in
     vivo velocity measurements may be made."
"In order to simplify the process of plotting a pulse sequence controlling
     the course of an MR experiment, for example an NMR tomographic
     investigation, by which the excitation of an RF pulse bringing about
     transverse magnetization, the switching on and off of field gradients
     acting in different directions, superposed on a constant magnetic field,
     as well as the acquisition times, it is proposed to generate this pulse
     sequence by modification of standard pulse sequences and/or by composition
     from standard pulses. These pulses are offered on a picture screen (22) as
     simple symbols (42-49), icons, or brief designations for standard pulse
     sequences (36-41). By clicking-on of the offering fields, for example by
     means of a mouse (51), these elements can be copied on time axes (58)
     allocated to them and attached at the suitable release time point onto
     these axes. The pulse sequence thus determined is stored on-line. The
     input of parameters can occur by clicking-on of windows (57 and/or 61),
     into which the parameter values can be input. In an arrangement (10)
     suited for the execution of the process the icons (42-49) representing the
     standard pulses are arranged along an icon column (54) on the left image
     border of the picture screen (22), while standard pulse sequences (35-41)
     are recallable on a menu strip (56) along a ""horizontal"" border of the
     picture screen (22), represented by brief designations."
"The present invention provides a method for producing erase bands of
     varying width between tracks of information on a recording medium. In
     accordance with the invention, a magnetic head having a write gap and
     trailing pole with non-parallel portions is produced. In the preferred
     embodiment, the magnetic head combines an inductive write head with a
     magneto-resistive read head in a single head structure. The inductive head
     includes a leading write pole and a trailing write pole which are
     separated by a recording gap. The write gap is formed with a central
     portion writing data in a desired orientation, positioned between two
     non-parallel side portions having divergent angles with respect to the
     central portion. In the recording process, the side portions write
     transitions on the recording medium which are oblique or angled with
     respect to the data transitions written on the medium by the central
     portion. These angled transitions produce erase bands between adjacent
     tracks of information represented by the data transitions recorded by the
     central portion of the write gap.
The width of the non-parallel side portions is advantageously selected in
     accordance with the expected servo position error of the drive."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor comprising a sputtered layer of
     ferromagnetic material and a sputtered layer of antiferromagnetic
     nickel-manganese (Ni-Mn) to provide an exchange coupled longitudinal bias
     field in the MR element is described. The antiferromagnetic layer overlays
     the MR layer and may be patterned to provide the longitudinal bias field
     only in the end regions of the MR layer. Alternatively, the
     antiferromagnetic layer can underlay the MR layer with a Zr underlayer to
     enhance the exchange-coupled field. As initially deposited, the Ni-Mn
     layer is face-centered-cubic and exhibits little or no exchange-coupled
     field. After one annealing cycle at a relatively low temperature, the
     Ni-Mn layer is face-centered-tetragonal and exhibits increased
     crystallographic ordering and provides sufficient exchange coupling for
     the MR element to operate. Addition of chromium to the Ni-Mn alloy
     provides increased corrosion resistance."
"A magnetoresistance effect element including a substrate and at least two
     magnetic thin layers which are laminated with interposing a non-magnetic
     thin layer therebetween on said substrate, wherein adjacent magnetic thin
     layers through the non-magnetic thin layer have different coercive forces
     and each of the magnetic thin layers and the non-magnetic layer has a
     thickness of not larger than 200 .ANG., which has a large
     magnetoresistance ratio of several % to several ten % at a small external
     magnetic field of several Oe to several ten Oe and can provide a MR sensor
     having a high sensitivity and a MR head which achieves high density
     magnetic recording."
"A semiconductor magnetoresistive sensor and a method for its assembly is
     specifically provided. The preferred assembly method of this invention is
     compatible with automated semiconductor chip placement and packaging
     technology, so as to alleviate the previous requirement that the
     semiconductor sensing element be separately packaged. The sensor leads are
     substantially embedded within a powdered metal permanent magnet body. An
     exposed terminal end of each lead is available for electrical and adhesive
     contact to a subsequently attached magnetoresistive semiconductor sensing
     element, using conventional semiconductor placement and packaging
     techniques. The powdered metal magnetic body is preferably formed by
     utilizing powder metal compaction techniques, wherein the powder metal is
     compacted around the interior electrical leads. The teachings of this
     invention may also be employed to form a variety of electrical sensors and
     devices, wherein the leads are substantially embedded within a metal core
     so as to produce a solid assembly. The embedded leads may have a variety
     of shapes, such as straight or coiled, may range in number from one to a
     plurality, and may have a variety of physical properties, such as magnetic
     or non-magnetic, depending on the desired application."
"A semiconductor film is provided characterized by having high carrier
     mobility and carrier density. The semiconductor film is doped with the
     rare-earth element erbium so as to improve its temperature stability. The
     semiconductor film is thereby particularly suited for use as a magnetic
     field sensing device, such as a Hall effect sensor or magnetoresistor. The
     semiconductor film is formed from a narrow-gap Group III-V compound,
     preferably indium antimonide, which is n-doped with the erbium to provide
     an electron density sufficient to increase temperature stability. In
     particular, the semiconductor film is characterized by a nini-structure
     which is generated using a slab-doping technique. The slab-doping process
     encompasses the growing of alternating layers of doped and undoped layers
     of the Group III-V compound, with the doped layers being substantially
     thinner than the undoped layers, and preferably as thin as one atomic
     plane. The electron density establishes an average extrinsic electron
     density within the combined undoped and doped layers of the Group III-V
     compound. The density of erbium in the doped layers is preferably
     sufficient to yield an average extrinsic electron density of between about
     1.times.10.sup.16 cm.sup.-3 and about 1.times.10.sup.18 cm.sup.-3, while
     also achieving a carrier mobility greater than about 30,000 cm.sup.-2 /V-s
     at room temperature."
"A sensor of weak magnetic fields with magnetoresistive effect features a
     metallic multilayer formed by alternating magnetic and non-magnetic
     metals. In order to detect weak fields, a sensor is described wherein a
     magnetic field is coupled by an anti-ferromagnetic type coupling with a
     first neighboring magnetic layer and by a ferromagnetic type coupling with
     a third neighboring magnetic layer, so that there is frustration of
     coupling. The first and third magnetic layers are blocked by their strong
     coercive field. The sensor finds particular application to detection on
     magnetic media."
"A thin-film magnetoresistive playback head having films providing magnetic
     shielding and magnetic bias. At least one of the magnetic shield layers is
     also conductive so that the functions of shielding and biasing are
     combined. Preferably, both shield layers are conductive. A multiple
     element channel head is disclosed in which the magnetic/conductive layers
     extend in series from one transducer section to the next, allowing a
     single bias current to bias all of the sections."
"The head includes a read pole disposed between a pair of write poles spaced
     apart to form a gap therebetween. The read pole conducts flux to a flux
     sensor that is located away from the gap. The head can be utilized for
     both longitudinal and perpendicular recording and the readback function
     can be carried out by an inductive coil or flux sensing devices such as a
     Hall sensor or an MR sensor. The recording head achieves high readback
     resolution, high write field gradients, and the capability for write wide
     read narrow. The read pole and write poles are laminated structures."
"A thin-film magnetoresistive playback head having films providing magnetic
     shielding and magnetic bias. At least one of the magnetic shield layers is
     also conductive so that the functions of shielding and biasing are
     combined. Preferably, both shield layers are conductive. A multiple
     element channel head is disclosed in which the magnetic/conductive layers
     extend in series from one transducer section to the next, allowing a
     single bias current to bias all of the sections."
"An MR imaging system comprises a first gradient coil unit(first G coil
     unit) for providing magnetic gradients superimposed in a static magnetic
     field, a first RF coil unit for transmitting an RF pulse to a patient and
     receiving a MR signal from the patient, a second gradient coil unit(second
     G coil unit) and a second RF coil unit. The second G coil unit is located
     between the patient and the first G coil unit. In a first operating
     mode(for example, spin echo scan mode), the second G and RF coil units are
     moved out the first G coil unit and the first RF coil unit is moved into
     the first G coil unit by guiding these units along a rail or the second G
     and RF coil units are drawn out from the first G coil unit and the first
     RF coil unit is inserted into the first G coil unit so that these units
     are located in predetermined position. A connection of a gradient power
     source to the first and second G coil unit and a connection of a duplexer
     to the first and second RF coil unit are switched so that the gradient
     power source is connected to the first G coil unit and the duplexer is
     connected to the first RF coil assembly. In a second operating mode (for
     example, echo planar scan mode), these units are located inversely and the
     connections are switched inversely. In one preferred embodiment, the
     second G coil unit and the first RF coil unit are integrated into an inner
     unit and these units are moved together by moving the inner unit."
"A read/write head includes a dual element MR sensor and a superimposed
     inductive head. In an implementation of the invention, the MR sensor
     structure includes two spaced magnetoresistive (MR) elements on which
     antiferromagnetic (AFe) thin films, preferably of iron manganese, are
     deposited. The AFe thin films act as exchange bias layers with the MR
     elements, biasing the MR layers in opposite directions and perpendicular
     to the surface of a magnetic medium. Recorded magnetic signals are sensed
     differentially and the output signal is characterized by increased
     amplitude and improved signal-to-noise ratio."
"In a magnetoresistive transducer, a conductor configuration in which
     magnetic fields in the conductors are oriented in the same direction to
     provide symmetric track profiles and improved track edge response.
     Conductor area at the transducer air bearing surface is also minimized to
     eliminate shorting and improve device yield and reliability. In one
     embodiment of the invention, inductive pickup is minimized by limiting the
     active width of magnetoresistive sensing elements through conductor
     placement. Another embodiment of the invention, useful for applications
     involving dual stripe magnetoresistive transducers, minimizes inductive
     pickup by providing relatively large conductors for each magnetoresistive
     stripe, arranged in parallel with each other and coupled differentially to
     cancel inductive pickup through common mode rejection."
"A method and apparatus are provided for biasing a non-center tapped
     magneto-resistive head at a constant voltage using two separate biasing
     stages to provide independent control over the voltage at each of the two
     terminals of the head. A first control device detects the voltage at a
     first head terminal and directs changes to the output of a current source,
     interconnected with a first terminal of the head, to maintain the voltage
     at the first terminal at a first predetermined voltage. A second control
     device detects the voltage at second terminal of the head and directs
     changes to the input of a current sink, interconnected with the second
     terminal, to maintain the voltage at the second terminal at a second
     predetermined voltage. Each control device is interconnected to a separate
     reference voltage source; by appropriate selection of the voltages of the
     reference voltage sources, the voltages at the two head terminals and the
     potential across the head can be established and maintained."
"The present invention is directed to a circuit and method for nullifying a
     drop in the voltage across an MR head caused a parasitic cable resistance.
     The invention uses local modeling of the cable resistance in order to
     generate a nulling voltage, equal in magnitude to the voltage across the
     cable resistance. The magnitude of the nulling voltage is adjusted as the
     resistance of the MR head varies within a population of heads. The nulling
     voltage is added to the bias voltage, in order to negate the effect of the
     cable resistance."
"A temperature compensating device for a torque measuring apparatus of the
     magneto-strictive type. A torque transmission shaft has a magnetically
     anisotropic portion formed on the periphery of the shaft. A sensing coil
     is disposed around the torque transmission shaft in corresponding relation
     to the magnetically anisotropic portion. A DC voltage from a constant
     voltage generator is supplied to the sensing coil. A torque detection
     signal is derived from the AC component of the voltage developed across
     the sensing coil, and the DC resistance of the sensing coil is detected
     from the DC component of the voltage, whereby the temperature of the
     sensing coil is detected. The torque detection characteristics of the
     apparatus is temperature-compensated on the basis of the temperature
     detection signal."
"A magnetoresistive transducer includes at least one magnetoresistive
     element having a transverse easy axis. The use of a transverse easy axis
     prevents magnetic domains from forming in the magnetoresistive elements
     and results in a noise-free device. Various techniques for producing a
     transverse easy axis include the use of stress, and a magneto strictive
     material, during the formation of the element to orient the anisotropy of
     the element transverse to orient the anisotropy of the element transverse
     to the element, formation of the element in the presence of a magnetic
     field, high temperature anneal of the element, or any other method of
     forming the element with a prebiased state."
"An open magnet having a frustoconical shaped inner bore is provided for MR
     imaging. The magnet has a plurality of axisymmetric superconducting coils
     of differing diameters which are disposed along an axis in order of
     successively increasing diameters so as to define the frustoconical shape.
     This shape permits a patient access opening which is much larger than that
     in conventional cylindrical magnets. The overall length is much less than
     the length of conventional systems. The combination of wide opening and
     short length facilitates patient access and presents a feeling of
     openness. Furthermore, the device can be tilted with respect to horizontal
     to increase the openness."
"The invention relates to a process for producing a plurality of
     magnetoresistive sensors on the same substrate. The invention particularly
     has as its object to facilitate a polishing phase of this process. The
     process of the invention comprises depositing a layer of a
     magnetoresistive material on a substrate, and then forming in this layer a
     plurality of magnetoresistive elements. The process further comprises
     making, at the site of each sensor and before the depositing the
     magnetoresistive layer, an inclined surface, in such a way that each
     magnetoresistive element is formed on this inclined surface and exhibits
     an edge directed outward from the substrate."
"A magnetoresistance effect element includes a multilayer obtained by
     stacking magnetic and nonmagnetic layers to exhibit a magnetoresistance
     effect, and an reversal assist layer formed on the multilayer to assist
     reversal of a magnetic moment of the magnetic layer."
"Method for MR imaging of an object in which various RF and magnetic field
     gradient pulse sequences are used to produce transverse magnetization and
     to generate echoes. The RF pulse sequence may include a sinusoidal
     waveform component defined by either y=sin x, 0.ltoreq.x .ltoreq.4.pi.;
     y=cos x, 0.ltoreq.x .ltoreq.4.pi.; or y=sin x, 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq..pi./2,
     y=cos x, .pi./2.ltoreq.x.ltoreq..pi.; and a phase component defined by
     either y=0, 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.2.pi., y=.pi., 2.pi..ltoreq.x.ltoreq.4.pi.;
     or y =-2.pi.cos x, 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq..pi./2, y=-2.pi.sin x,
     .pi./2.ltoreq.x.ltoreq..pi.. The selected waveform and phase components
     may be combined to form a first, composite RF signal and the Hilbert
     transform of the composite RF signal selected as a second RF signal.
     Alternately, the second RF pulse sequence may be comprised of first and
     second phase shifting linear ramps. The selected gradient magnetic field
     pulse sequences may include a first sinusoidal readout pulse sequence
     defined by y=ax sin x, 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.n.pi. and a second sinusoidal
     readout pulse sequence defined by y=ax cos x, 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.n.pi.,
     first and second constant magnitude phase encoding pulse sequences, or a
     square wave as a readout pulse sequence and a series of positive amplitude
     spikes positioned at each transition for the readout pulse sequence as a
     phase encode pulse sequence."
"A new class of materials for use as a dielectric to separate various
     metallic layers within a magnetoresistive transducer. The materials
     include oxides of Ta, Hf, Zr, Y, Ti, or Nb. Thin films of these materials,
     when fabricated in accordance with the teachings of the invention,
     constitute dielectric films which maintain their integrity as insulators
     at thicknesses down to 5 nm. Additionally, the adhesion of this class of
     dielectrics equals or exceeds that of commonly used dielectrics."
"A bias current servo loop for a magneto-resistive recording head detects
     distortion in the read signal from the MR head, and adjusts the operating
     point for the head to minimize the distortion. The distortion is detected
     by monitoring the second harmonic of a digitized sample of the read
     signal. A running average of the digitized amplitude of the second
     harmonic is generated by a digital bandpass filter. The root mean square
     of the running average of the digitized amplitude of the second harmonic
     is estimated. The estimated RMS value is compared against a reference
     value indicative of minimum distortion and the difference between the
     estimated RMS value and the reference value is used to adjust the bias
     current."
"A magnetoresistive read sensor based on the spin valve effect in which a
     component of the read element resistance varies as the cosine of the angle
     between the magnetization directions in two adjacent magnetic layers is
     described. The sensor read element includes two adjacent ferromagnetic
     layers separated by a non-magnetic metallic layer, the magnetic easy axis
     of each of the ferromagnetic layers being aligned along the longitudinal
     axis of the ferromagnetic layers and perpendicular to the trackwidth of an
     adjacent magnetic storage medium. The sense current flowing in the sensor
     element generates a bias field which sets the direction of magnetization
     in each ferromagnetic layer at an equal, but opposite, angle .theta. with
     respect to the magnetic easy axis thus providing an angular separation of
     2.theta. in the absence of an applied magnetic signal. The magnetizations
     of both ferromagnetic layers are responsive to an applied magnetic field
     to change their angular separation by an amount 2.delta..theta.."
"A logic circuit device includes a superconductive body formed of a ceramic
     superconductive material. The ceramic superconductive material has random
     grain boundaries which act as weak couplings. The ceramic superconductive
     material also has a magneto-resistive property. There is at least one
     conductor arranged near the ceramic superconductive body in order to exert
     a magnetic field on the ceramic superconductive body. The ceramic
     superconductive body changes its resistance in response to the magnetic
     field generated by the conductor. The ceramic superconductive body can be
     used as part of a logic circuit."
"A method for reducing Barkhausen noise in dual stripe magnetoresistive
     recording heads. The topography of the bottom conductor is controlled,
     specifically the conductor sidewall angle at the edge of the track is
     defined to be less than 45.degree. from the substrate plane. Restricting
     the conductor sidewall profile in this manner eliminates sources of
     magnetic domain nucleation."
"A tape wound coil is provided, for use in magnetic repulsion punching, that
     has a plurality of slits therein which allow circulation of coolant
     therethrough. This coil is made of thin copper foil, or the like that is
     treated with an epoxy, for electrical insulation between the windings, and
     then wound around a center post. The face of the coil is machined smooth,
     whereas a counter bore is machined into the back of the coil such that a
     portion of the center post and the inner most windings are removed. Radial
     slits are then machined into the back of the coil, which will allow for
     the coolant flow. Thus, a coil for use in magnetic repulsion punching is
     provided which maximizes the capacity for carrying electrical current and
     increases the winding density exhibited by conventional M-R coils.
     Further, the coil of the present invention will withstand high repetition
     mechanical shear forces created as a result of the large amount of
     electrical current pulsing through the windings."
"A tachometer for monitoring the rotation of an output shaft (e.g. of a
     motor, where the motor is enclosed within a standard NEMA housing),
     includes an enclosure (e.g. adapted to be secured to an end plate of the
     motor housing), the enclosure having a radial center and a longitudinal
     axis which, when the enclosure is secured to the housing, are aligned with
     a longitudinal axis of the output shaft. The enclosure has at least one
     mounting surface in a peripheral wall portion thereof, the mounting
     surface having an aperture formed therein which opens in a radial
     direction. A sensor module including a pair of axially aligned
     magneto-resistive sensors is mountable on the mounting surface of the
     enclosure such that the module protrudes through the aperture with the
     sensors facing radially inwardly. An annular drum having a pair of
     magnetic patterns arranged on a peripheral end surface thereof is
     operatively fixed on the motor output shaft via a hub member such that the
     magnetic patterns on the drum are automatically aligned with the sensors
     and radially spaced therefrom by a predetermined radial gap when the drum
     is fixed to the output shaft and the enclosure is mounted on the end plate
     in an operatively assembled relationship."
"A magnetic head (1) for reading information comprises a magnetoresistive
     element (21) which is arranged between two flux guides (7, 9) present on a
     support and is partly located on thinner ends (25, 27) of the flux guides.
     The flux guides are composed of a basic layer (13, 15) and a main layer
     (17, 19) which partly covers the basic layer. Subsequently the
     magnetoresistive element is partly provided on the parts (25, 27) of the
     basic layer which have been left free by the main layer so that the
     magnetoresistive element is magnetically coupled to the flux guides via
     coupling parts (20, 22)."
"A magnetoresistive read sensor based on the spin valve effect and having a
     multilayered, dual spin valve structure is described. The sensor read
     element includes first, second and third layers of ferromagnetic material
     separated from each other by layers of non-magnetic metallic material. The
     first and third layers of ferromagnetic material, i.e., the outer layers
     of the structure, have their magnetization orientation fixed, while the
     second, intermediate ferromagnetic layer is magnetically soft and has its
     magnetization oriented perpendicular to that of both the outer
     ferromagnetic layers in the absence of an applied magnetic field. In one
     preferred embodiment, the two outer ferromagnetic layers have their
     magnetizations fixed parallel to each other by exchange coupling with
     adjacent antiferromagnetic layers."
"In order to prevent generation of Barkhausen noise of a
     magnetoresistance-effect element, a thin antiferromagnetic film formed of
     Fe-Mn-X alloy containing a third alloying element X (which serves to
     improve corrosion resistance of Fe-Mn alloy) by 0.1 to 20 atomic % is
     disposed in adjacent to a thin permalloy film. The element X is selected
     from the group consisting of Ir, Ru, Zr, Nb, Si, Ge, V, Co, Pt and Pd. It
     is particularly recommended to employ Ir of 4 to 15 atomic % or Ru of 5.5
     to 15 atomic % as the element X. When one or more alloying element
     selected from Ru, Rh, Pt, Ti, Zr, Hf, V, Nb, Ta, Cr, Mo, W, Ni, Cu, Al, Si
     and Ge is added to Fe and Mn which are essential components of the Fe-Mn-X
     alloy in addition to the element X, corrosion resistance of the alloy is
     improved more sufficiently."
"An MR read transducer having passive end regions separated by a central
     active region comprises an MR layer made from a material having a low
     uniaxial magnetic anisotropy. A soft magnetic bias layer is adjacent to
     but spaced from the MR layer in the central region only, and the soft
     magnetic bias layer is made from a material having a high uniaxial
     magnetic anisotropy. A longitudinal bias is produced directly in each of
     the end regions only, and the means for producing the longitudinal bias
     comprise a layer made from a material having a high uniaxial magnetic
     anisotropy. Control of the uniaxial anisotropy can be achieved by choosing
     materials of appropriate magnetostriction or intrinsic uniaxial
     anisotropy."
"A method of producing a thin-film magnetic head on a carrier (1) comprising
     depositing an electrically conducting plating-base (2) and electroplating
     flux conductors (4a, 4b) and a magnetically insulating layer (8) on the
     plating-base. This provides a planar structure on which an electrically
     insulating layer (9) and a magneto-resistance element (10) are applied.
     The plating-base (2) also constitutes the gap layer."
"This invention relates to sealless designs of magnetorheological fluid
     dampers. With these sealless designs a piston rod extends above and below
     a piston head within a cylindrical housing and has frustoconical elastomer
     elements attached to and between the rod and housing to allow translation
     of the piston head and rod. The piston head has a coil contained radially
     therein that produces magnetic flux in and around the piston. The
     advantages of utilizing an MR fluid according to the invention include
     magnetic fields which are easily produced by low voltage electromagnetic
     coils, damping effects which are velocity independent, and higher yield
     strength obtained by the MR fluid capable of generating greater damping
     forces."
"A method and system includes digitally linearizing a digital output signal
     originating from a magnetoresistive sensor by detecting the digital output
     signal originating from the magnetoresistive sensor. A linearization
     factor is then correlated to the digital output signal. Then, the digital
     output signal is modified the linearization factor to linearize the
     digital output signal."
"A method of operating an induction distance sensor employs a sensor having
     a vane or tongue of magnetic material disposed movably between two
     inductive coils for changing their inductances in the opposite sense upon
     movement of the tongue. With respect to sensor signals U.sub.s and
     U.sub.e, the method employs the portion U.sub.sL of U.sub.s which is in
     phase with the imaginary part U.sub.eL of U.sub.e. Furthermore, the value
     U.sub.sL measured in this way is to be further increased by U.sub.e
     /U.sub.eL in order to compensate for the temperature influences on the
     ohmic resistances. Furthermore, the errors which can be caused by
     erroneous controls U.sub.e1 and U.sub.e2 are also corrected. For this
     purpose, the total voltage is applied at intervals to a reference sensor
     which consists of a precision resistance divider. In this way, the exact
     middle point M of the total voltage U.sub.e =U.sub.e1 and U.sub.e2 can be
     determined by measurement, and the middle-point voltage U.sub.m with
     respect to zero potential determined, which is divided into the real part
     U.sub. MR which is in phase with U.sub.e and the imaginary part U.sub.ML
     which lags behind it by 90.degree.. With the phase angle .alpha. between
     U.sub.eR and U.sub.eL, the correction value is"
"A magneto-optical disk comprising a substrate, a dielectric film made of
     aluminum germanium nitride disposed on the substrate and a magnetic film
     disposed on the dielectric film. The magnetic-optical disk has increased
     Kerr rotational angle, while having excellent corrosion resistivity and
     high performance with respect to the CNR ratio."
"A magnetic reading device, of the type comprising multiple magnetic read
     heads, incorporates read heads each formed by a magneto-resistance element
     having a resistance which varies as a function of an outside magnetic
     field. The magnetic reading device comprises a network of line conductors
     intersected with a network of column conductors to form intersections at
     which a read head is provided. The first and second ends of each
     magneto-resistance element forming the read heads are respectively
     connected to a line conductor and to a column conductor of the
     corresponding intersection, and a control voltage is applied to the line
     and column conductors by a switching element for each line conductor,
     column conductors being connected to a current sensor. A simplification of
     the control of read heads results from this arrangement, while avoiding
     the effect of the heads not selected on the variations of current coming
     from the selected heads."
"This invention relates to refrigerated superconducting MR magnets having
     integrated cryogenic gradient coils. In particular, the amount of eddy
     currents produced by the magnet are substantially reduced while reducing
     the size and weight, and, therefore, the cost of the superconducting
     magnet required to produce an acceptable MR image."
"A magnetic sensor which includes a circuit substrate, a ferromagnetic
     resistant element (MR element) mounted on the substrate in such a manner
     that a magnet-sensitive plane of the MR element directs perpendicular to
     the substrate plane of the substrate, and an electro-magnetic wave
     shielding casing for covering the MR element having a positioning portion
     in which the MR element is fitted to obtain an accurate position thereof."
"Magnetoresistive material exhibiting a large ratio of resistance on the
     application of a low magnetic field applied at room temperature to the
     material. The material is composed of layers made primarily from Co with a
     thickness of 10-100.ANG., a second magnetic layer having a thickness of
     10-100.ANG., both of which layers are alternately laminated through a
     non-magnetic layer composed mainly of copper having a thickness of about
     20.ANG.."
"Magnetorheological (MR) fluid dampers are optimized. Dimensional
     relationships involved in the flow of magnetic flux are related to an
     operational parametric ratio of magnetic flux density in the fluid to the
     flux density in the steel. A magnetic valve is utilized to change the flow
     parameters of the MR fluid and, hence, the operational characteristics of
     the damper. Several embodiments depicting improved piston designs,
     including spool as well as toroidal configurations, are disclosed. In
     addition, both single and twin-tube housing designs are presented."
"A thin film magnetic head comprises a thin film magnetic core provided with
     a magnetic head gap, forming part of a first closed magnetic path and
     extended substantially in parallel to an air bearing surface to be
     disposed opposite to the surface of a magnetic recording medium, a head
     coil magnetically coupled with the first closed magnetic path, and a
     magnetoresistance-effect element forming a second closed magnetic path
     magnetically coupled with a portion of the first closed magnetic path
     including the magnetic head gap. The thin film magnetic head is provided
     with auxiliary magnetic head gaps respectively in portions of the first
     closed magnetic path other than the portion including the magnetic head
     gap. The portions of the first closed magnetic path provided with the
     auxiliary magnetic head gaps have comparatively high magnetic resistances,
     so that the distribution of magnetic flux to the magnetoresistance-effect
     element can be regulated to improve the reproducing efficiency of the
     magnetoresistance-effect element."
"A magneto-resistance effect type magnetic head incorporates a grounded
     conductive layer, a second thin film magnetic core and an MR sensing part,
     the conductive layer being located near the thin film magnetic core, the
     layer and the core being electrically connected. The conductive layer is
     further connected electrically to an electrode of the MR sensing part, the
     electrode facing an air bearing surface. This setup protects the MR
     sensing part from static electricity destruction, thus providing a
     magneto-resistance effect type magnetic head of high reliability."
"A tracking system employs magnetic resonance signals to monitor the
     position and orientation of a device, such as a catheter, within a
     subject. The device has an MR active sample and a receiver coil which is
     sensitive to magnetic resonance signals generated by the MR active sample.
     These signals are detected in the presence of magnetic field gradients and
     thus have frequencies which are substantially proportional to the location
     of the coil along the direction of the applied gradient. Signals are
     detected responsive to sequentially applied mutually orthogonal magnetic
     gradients to determine the device's position in several dimensions. The
     position of the device as determined by the tracking system is
     superimposed upon independently acquired medical diagnostic images. One or
     more devices can be simultaneously tracked."
"Combined read/write thin-film magnetic head comprising a read portion
     including a magneto-resistive element, a write portion including an
     inductive element, and a shared flux guide between the read and write
     portions. Improved separation of the read and write functions is achieved
     by providing the shared flux guide as a sandwich structure of two soft
     magnetic layers separated by an insulating layer, except that the
     soft-magnetic layers are interconnected in a magnetically conducting
     manner proximate to the head face."
"A magneto-resistance effect type thin film magnetic head which does not
     produce significant Barkhausen noises and has stabilized characteristics
     even where the track width is smaller than, for example, 10 .mu.m. The
     magnetic head comprises a base member, a lower layer thin film magnetic
     core and an upper layer thin film magnetic core layered on the base member
     in such a manner that a magnetic gap is formed between front ends thereof,
     the gap being open to an opposing face of the magnetic head which is in
     contact with or opposed to a magnetic record medium, and a
     magneto-resistance effect magnetic sensing section disposed in the
     magnetic gap between the lower and upper layer thin film magnetic cores.
     The front end of the lower layer thin film magnetic core which defines the
     magnetic gap has a width selected to be smaller than the width of the
     front end of the upper layer thin film magnetic core which defines the
     magnetic gap so as to define a track width of the magnetic gap."
"In a dual stripe magnetoresistive transducer a unique conductor
     configuration is provided that allows close spacing of the two
     magnetoresistive stripes while providing a nearly identical topography for
     each of the stripes. A first conductor is arranged on a transducer
     substrate with an associated magnetoresistive stripe oriented directly
     above the conductor. A second magnetoresistive stripe is arranged above
     the first stripe. The second MR stripe, in turn, has an associated
     conductor oriented above it such that the two stripes may be brought close
     together, separated only by a thin dielectric layer."
"Low noise, low power, low voltage amplifier circuits with a single ended
     input having no common mode rejection for concurrently biasing and
     amplifying signals generated by magnetoresistive (MR) elements in a disk
     file. The amplifier circuits comprise a single (grounded) supply voltage
     source. One terminal of each MR element and the conductive substrate of
     each MR element and the conductive substrate of each disk in the disk file
     are grounded to minimize transient conductive asperity currents. The
     head/disk assembly of the disk file is completely enclosed by a highly
     conductive electrostatically shielded metallic enclosure that operates as
     a Faraday cage and isolates leads connecting the MR elements with the
     amplifier circuit from large, fast rise/fall time voltage transients."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor having electrically conductive lead
     structures which are in electrical contact with the MR element at spaced
     positions. The lead structures comprise a thin film layer of
     body-centered-cubic tantalum which is separated from the MR element by a
     thin film seed layer formed of a material taken from the group consisting
     of TiW, TaW, Cr and W."
"A method and read head for reading MICR characters using magnetoresistive
     technology. First and second magnetoresistive sensors are printed on a
     substrate which is supported on a base. The first and second
     magnetoresistive sensors have a width W and a gap G therebetween, with W
     and G bearing a relationship to a font of MICR characters to be read. The
     first and second magnetoresistive sensors are coupled to a full bridge
     circuit to provide adequate sensitivity to read the MICR characters by the
     magnetoresistive technology."
"A method of establishing a single domain in a magnetoresistive sensor
     positioned in a gap between two shield layers of magnetic material. The
     method includes the steps of heating the magnetoresistive head above the
     Neel temperature of at least one of the shield layers of magnetic
     material. Applying an external magnetic field to the magnetoresistive
     sensor and the shield layers for establishing a single magnetic domain in
     the magnetoresistive sensor. Reducing the intensity of the external
     magnetic field for holding the magnetization of the magnetoresistive
     sensor during cooling. Cooling the magnetoresistive head."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer in which a layered structure
     comprising an MR layer, an antiferromagnetic material in direct contact
     with the MR layer and a thin layer of interdiffusion material in contact
     with the layer of antiferromagnetic material is subjected to a heating
     process to a temperature within a chosen temperature for a chosen time to
     form a magnetic interface between the antiferromagnetic material the MR
     layer. The magnetic interface produces a high level of exchange bias with
     the MR layer."
"A semiconductor device including a substrate, a semiconductor element
     formed on the substrate, a terminal formed on the substrate and
     electrically connected to the semiconductor element, and a protective
     resistor formed on the substrate and electrically connected between the
     semiconductor element and the terminal. The resistor is composed of a
     ferromagnetic magnetoresistive material including Ni alloy. The device may
     be extended to detect magnetism by adding a magnetoresistive element
     composed of a ferromagnetic magnetoresistive material including the same
     Ni alloy as for the protective resistor and deposited at the same time.
     The device is superior in an anti-noise characteristic and is integrated.
     Furthermore, the device for detecting magnetism is formed with a lower
     cost."
"In an MR imaging apparatus, a receiving coil comprising an upper coil and a
     lower coil which jointly sandwitch a desired part of a body to be
     inspected in an openable and closable manner, the upper and the lower
     coils being connected by connection means comprised of flexible and
     electrically conductive member to form a single coil. NMR signals can be
     detected at a high sensitivity, enabling an image of a high S/N ratio and
     measurement of a wide detection region."
"A thin film magnetometer includes first and second thin film
     magnetoresistive elements and first and second thin film laminated flux
     collectors. The first magnetoresistive element is located in a gap formed
     by the flux collectors, and the second magnetoresistive element is
     subtantially magnetically shielded by the flux collectors, and acts as a
     thermistor. The magnetoresistive elements are connected in a bridge
     circuit whereby any signal component due to thermal effects on the
     magnetoresistive elements is removed from the signal produced by the first
     magnetoresistive element."
"A magnetoresistive sensor having a magnetization vector M and a current
     density vector J which form an angle of approximately 45.degree.. Magnetic
     flux, which enters an active region of the magnetoresistive sensor
     approximately perpendicular to the magnetization vector M, propagates
     across the active region with substantially constant length thereby
     producing a rectangular shaped read sensitivity function. The current
     density vector J is directed with electrical contacts adjacent the active
     region which have high resistance regions and low resistance regions."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer has a thin film MR layer of
     ferromagnetic material and a nonmagnetic spacer layer in contact with the
     MR layer. The thin film spacer layer comprises an alloy of titanium (Ti)
     and tungsten (W) having a high resistivity. A thin film of soft magnetic
     material is deposited in contact with the nonmagnetic spacer layer so that
     the soft magnetic material is positioned parallel to, but spaced from, the
     MR layer. A feature of the invention is that the resistivity of the
     nonmagnetic spacer layer can be a specific value selected from a broad
     range of resistivity values by selecting the thickness, the Ti content,
     and/or the nitrogen content of the nonmagnetic spacer layer."
"Thin-film magnetic head comprising a substrate (3), a magnetoresistive
     element (9) and two magnetically conducting flux guides (5, 7) extending
     substantially parallel to each other for magnetic cooperation with the
     magnetoresistive element (9). A non-magnetic read gap (13) adjacent to a
     head face (1) extends between the flux guides. The first flux guide (5) is
     built up in layers and comprises a first soft-magnetic layer (5A) opposite
     the second flux guide (7), a second soft-magnetic layer (5B) and an
     insulation layer (5C) of a non-magnetic material extending substantially
     parallel to the substrate and situated between these soft-magnetic layers.
     Said soft-magnetic layers join in a common end portion (5E) proximate to
     the head face. The first soft-magnetic layer is an interrupted layer
     having two spatially separated layer portions (5AA, 5AB), bridged by the
     magnetoresistive element."
"A magnetoresistive sensor includes a track width oxide layer which overlies
     a magnetoresistive element. Etch stop layers lie on opposite sides of the
     magnetoresistive element adjacent a magnetoresistive element.
     Contact/boundary control layers overlie the etch stop layer and lie
     adjacent the track width oxide layer. A separate loft oxide layer overlies
     the contact/boundary control layers and the track width oxide layer. The
     magnetoresistive sensor is formed by depositing a track width oxide to a
     thickness of the contact/boundary control layers."
"An electronic compass is described for use in vehicles. The compass employs
     a magnetoresistive sensor for sensing the earth magnetic field and the
     sensor is operated in alternate set/reset bias modes. The compass is
     provided with deviation compensation by a closed loop system including
     measurement of the sensor output signals and an offset current strap for
     nullifying the vehicle deviation field."
"A thin film read-write magnetic head includes a write inductive section
     having a magnetic circuit consisting of thin film magnetic layers and a
     read flux sensing element, such as a magnetoresistive device or Hall
     effect device, located in a gap in the magnetic circuit. During the write
     mode, a magnetic valve including an electrical conductor provides a shunt
     path to bypass the flux sensing element. During the read mode, a
     saturation current is directed to the valve conductor so that the shunt
     path is open, thereby allowing the flux sensing element to sense the
     readout signal."
"Magnetic read heads with magneto-resistance effect of the multilayer type,
     are provided in a new arrangement making it possible in particular to
     facilitate a collective arrangement of these heads. Each read head
     comprises a magneto-resistance element formed by a sensitive magnetic
     layer superposed on a stable magnetic layer. Each read head comprises a
     magnetic circuit in a ring opened by an air gap, the sensitive magnetic
     layer being inserted in the magnetic circuit in a ring, the stable
     magnetic layer being outside the ring of the magnetic circuit. The
     arrangement of the magnetic read heads is particularly adapted for reading
     high density magnetic storage media."
"A magnetoresistance effect type thin film magnetic head comprising an MR
     element with electrodes provided at a fore end and a rear end thereof in
     the direction to confront a magnetic recording medium, wherein the
     electrode at the fore end of such MR element is electrically connected to
     a shielding magnetic layer to thereby eliminate any electrical instability
     at the fore end of the MR element, hence averting the characteristic
     instability in a playback mode while minimizing the unsteady generation of
     noise. The thin film magnetic head further comprises a first conductor
     having a great capacity and disposed in the proximity of the MR element,
     and a second conductor having a capacity smaller than that of the first
     conductor and connected to the fore-end electrode of the MR element. Such
     first and second conductors are connected to respective ground potentials
     independently of each other, thereby averting breakdown of the magnetic
     head that may otherwise be caused by the static charge generated due to
     the rotation of the magnetic recording medium during the operation."
"With a thin-film magnetic head (20) having a flux conductor (21) and a
     magneto-resistance element (28) the flux conductor is divided into a
     plurality of flux conductor portions (23) which are spaced apart along the
     length (25) by a distance (27). This accomplishes a decrease in the
     mechanical tensions in the flux conductor (21) as a result of which a
     signal to be read is distorted to a lesser extent."
"A new three-dimensional (3D) MR imaging pulse sequence can produce over 100
     high-resolution, high-contrast images in as little as 6 minutes of imaging
     time. Without additional imaging time, this same image data can be
     post-processed to yield high-resolution, high-contrast images in any
     arbitrary orientation. Thus, this new pulse sequence technique provides
     detailed yet comprehensive coverage. The method of this invention relates
     to a preparation-acquisition-recovery sequence cycle. The first step is
     magnetization preparation (MP) period. The MP period can emply a series of
     RF pulses, gradient field pulses, and/or time delays to encode the desired
     contrast properties in the form of longitudinal magnetization. A data
     acquisition period includes at least two repetitions of a gradient echo
     sequence to acquire data for a fraction of k-space. A magnetization
     recovery period is provided which allows T1 and T2 relaxation before the
     start of the next sequence cycle. The MP, data acquisition and
     magnetization recovery steps are repeated until a predetermined k-space
     volume is sampled."
"There is provided a magnetoresistance effect element which is a multilayer
     structure body wherein a first magnetic film layer made of Ni-rich
     Ni-Co-Fe having a thickness of 10 to 100 .ANG. and a second magnetic film
     layer made of Co-rich Co-Ni-Fe having a thickness of 10 to 100 .ANG.,
     which are different from each other in coercive force, are integrally
     laminated with a non-magnetic metal film layer having a thickness of 10 to
     100 .ANG. interposed therebetween. The non-magnetic metal film layer is of
     a metal, for example, Cu, Ag, Au, Pt, Ru or Re. (Ni.sub.A
     Co.sub.1-A).sub.B Fe.sub.1-B, Ni.sub.A Fe.sub.1-A or Ni.sub.A Co.sub.1-A
     is used as a material of the first magnetic film, and (Co.sub.C
     Ni.sub.1-C).sub.D Fe.sub.1-D is used as a material of the second magnetic
     film."
"In a multiple coil type magnetic resonance imaging system, MR signals can
     be obtained at high S/N ratio and over a large image region. The magnetic
     resonance imaging system includes: a plurality of receiving coils for
     receiving a plurality of MR signals generated from plural portions of an
     object under medical examination; a plurality of filters coupled to the
     plural receiving coils, for filtering the plurality of MR signals to
     obtain a plurality of filtered MR signals; a processor and a filter
     passband setting circuit for setting passbands of the plurality of filters
     in such a manner that the plurality of filtered MR signals have
     preselected frequency bands different from each other; and, an adder for
     adding the filtered MR signals with each other which are derived from the
     filters coupled to at least two receiving coils selected from the
     plurality of receiving coils."
"The acquisition of radial lines in 2-D Fourier space (k-space) allows the
     realization of the extremely short echo times useful in the imaging of
     short-T.sub.2 species and flow using Magnetic Resonance (MR). The
     disadvantage of this imaging method, which is also known as projection
     reconstruction, is that in order to prevent aliasing at a given
     resolution, .pi. times as many excitations are required as the
     conventional 2-D Fourier transform or spin-warp acquisition. Disclosed is
     an acquisition and reconstruction method that reduces the required number
     of radial lines and excitations by using the properties that projections
     are real or have slowly varying phase and the at radial acquisition
     methods are oversampled at the center of k-space. This method preserves
     resolution while reducing imaging time at the expense of signal-to-noise
     ratio (SNR). This has been verified with both phantom and human subjects."
"A magnetic sensor is disposed in an opposing relation to a magnetic scale
     in which a flat surface scale base made of a glass is plated by a magnetic
     material and a resultant plated layer is magnetized at a constant grating
     pitch. The magnetic sensor includes two magnetoresistance effect element
     groups disposed symmetrically with respect to a common central line. Since
     the surface of the magnetic scale is smooth, a clearance between the
     magnetic sensor and the magnetic scale can be kept substantially constant.
     When the magnetic sensor is moved in an opposing relation to the magnetic
     scale, a rise of temperature in the magnetoresistance effect elements is
     compensated for by the above symmetrical layout of the two
     magnetoresistance effect element groups. Therefore, when the magnetic
     sensor is moved over the magnetic scale in one direction and in the
     opposite direction, a dc fluctuation component in an output circuit can be
     reduced and the output circuit can generate a sine wave output of a
     constant amplitude having less waveform distortion."
"Thin-film magnetic head comprising a substrate (2), an inductive element
     (23) and a magnetoresistive element (7), and substantially parallel
     extending flux guides of a magnetic conducting material for magnetic
     cooperation with said elements. The flux guides are mutually arranged in
     such a way that two pairs of flux guides (3A, 3B; 5A, 5B) mutually
     separated by an insulation layer (19) of a non-magnetic material are
     present, a first pair constituting a first magnetic circuit, provided with
     a write gap (27), for the inductive element and a second pair constituting
     a second magnetic circuit, provided with a read gap (17), for the
     magnetoresistive element."
"At least one imaging parameter (e.g., the repetition interval TR or the
     initial nutation angle .theta.) is varied during the course of a single MR
     image sequence. This variation in at least one imaging parameter is
     preferably controlled so as to increase the contrast and signal-to-noise
     ratio of lower spatial frequency image components. For example, by using
     longer TR intervals (or smaller initial nutation angle .theta.) during
     lower spatial frequency phase encoding sub-sequences, relatively more
     signal is gathered from NMR nuclei having long T1 parameters thus
     providing a resultant image with many characteristics of a much longer
     overall sequence (e.g., one using uniform relatively long TR intervals for
     all spatial frequency phase encoding sub-sequences)."
"The invention relates to a method and arrangement for preparing a
     fuel-metering signal M for a diesel engine starting with measured
     variables such as accelerator pedal position, rotational speed, lambda,
     exhaust gas temperature or torque. A fuel quantity request MW is pregiven
     in dependence upon the position of the accelerator pedal. This quantity
     request MW is supplied to a minimum selector together with a second
     signal. The output signal M of the minimum selector, in turn, determines
     the metered fuel. The second signal derives from a precontrol
     characteristic field 50 in dependence upon the speed. The output signal of
     the precontrol characteristic field MV is influenced by the controller
     output signal MR in specific operating conditions."
"A processing circuit for a magnetoresistive rotary speed sensor (13) or the
     like having a comparator (11) with switching hysteresis for converting an
     analog sensor signal into a digital switching signal. An apparatus is
     provided at the input side of the comparator in order to alternately
     supply each of the comparator inputs, as a function of the switching
     signal at the output side of the comparator, symmetrically with a given
     hysteresis signal as a switching threshold. This apparatus also includes a
     preamplifier (15) which precedes the comparator non-inverting input and
     which amplifies the sensor signal, and an offset amplifier (18) of the
     same construction which precedes the comparator inverting input and which
     amplifiers an offset signal of a preceding offset network (21). The
     processing circuit provides a simple, integrable circuit which suppresses
     offsets and compensates for temperature and supply voltage fluctuations
     and any spread in tolerances of the circuit components."
"A bar code reader has a permanent magnet, an MR device formed integrally
     with the permanent magnet and a head frame housing the permanent magnet
     and MR device. The head frame comprises an open casing having a cut at the
     front end thereof. An internal lead wire faces the front end of the head
     frame and is fitted and fixed in the cut of the head frame. A printed
     circuit board on which the MR device is mounted is fixed in the opening of
     the head frame and electrically connected to the internal lead wire by
     means of a projection. An external lead wire is passed through the bottom
     of the head frame and spot-joined to the internal lead wire. The permanent
     magnet is supported at the bottom of the head frame and fixed in the head
     frame. A resin film is so formed as to cover the internal lead wire and
     fill the cut in the head frame and also to be flush at the surface thereof
     with the front end of the head frame."
"A nonvolatile random access memory array is formed by permalloy thin films
     patterned into ""wiggle"" shapes. Address lines for reading and/or writing
     into the memory cells are operatively connected to associated circuitry
     such that writing at a selected location in the array is accomplished
     using coincident currents. Each memory cell in the array is arranged for
     passage of column conducted current to effect magnetoresistance readout in
     conjunction with row address lines and the aforementioned associated
     circuitry."
"In a method and apparatus for decoding data recorded on magnetic storage
     medium such as a ""swipe card"" to yield decoded data values, a
     magnetoresistive sensor is used to read the data as a pulse stream from
     the medium and to measure the widths of the received pulses. The data is
     preferably stored in the medium by the technique of two-frequency phase
     coherent recording (F2F). By comparing the widths of pulses to be decoded
     with the widths of previously read pulses to which data values have
     already been allocated circuitry for derivin a clock signal from a
     self-clocking recorded signal can be dispensed with. Pulse widths may be
     measured by monitoring the output of counters (20) incremented by a fast
     clock for the duration of each pulse, and the pulse widths are compared by
     comparing counter outputs stored in a memory (28) using a microprocessor
     (26). To allow data to be read from the recording medium at a wide range
     of pulse repetition rates without excessively increasing counter capacity,
     thecounters (20) may be clocked at a variable rate dependent on the
     repetition rate of the received pulses."
"A magnetoresistive sensor includes a magnetic field detecting portion
     composed of a ferromagnetic thin film formed on one side of an insulating
     rectangular substrate, at least two terminal electrode portions and wiring
     portions. In the magnetoresistive sensor, the surface level of at least
     two corner portions is lower than that of the surface portion of the
     substrate other than at least two corner portions on the one side of the
     substrate, the at least two terminal electrode portions are separately
     formed at the corner portions having the lower surface level and the
     magnetic field detecting portion composed of the ferromagnetic thin film
     is formed on a portion of the surface of the substrate other than the at
     least two corner portions. In the magnetoresistive sensor, the terminal
     electrode portions are formed on the corner portions of the substrate
     whose level is lower than that of the surface on which the magnetic field
     detecting portion is formed and accordingly, when a resin mold is applied
     for the purpose of reinforcing the bonded portions, the resin mold can be
     formed such that the surface level of the molded portion is almost equal
     to that of the surface on which the magnetic field detecting portion is
     formed."
"A superconductinve magneto-resistive device for use in a sensor system for
     sensing an external magnetic field which is formed so as to have a
     predetermined pattern for a current path through which a supplied current
     flows. The pattern includes portions formed close and parallel to each
     other so that magnetic fields induced by respective currents flowing
     through the portions can be cancelled with each other."
"An improved CoPt based or CoNi based alloy magnetic recording disk for
     horizontal recording has a magnetic recording layer which is a laminated
     structure of relatively thin magnetic alloy films separated by relatively
     thin non-magnetic spacer films. The resulting laminated disk structure has
     substantially decreased intrinsic media noise at high linear recording
     densities. A magnetic recording disk drive uses the low noise laminated
     disk and and a magnetoresistive read sensor to provide a disk drive with
     significantly reduced noise in the data readback signal."
"Method of manufacturing a magnetic head having a tape contact face (5) with
     transducing gaps, which method starts from a substrate (1) on which a
     magnetic head structure is formed layer by layer. A magnetic head
     structure comprises magnetoresistive elements (E1-E11) connected each to
     first connection faces (13a, 13b) by means of at least two first
     connection tracks (11a, 11b), and flux guides (19a, 19b) for cooperating
     with the magnetoresistive elements. An electrically conducting
     uninterrupted layer (27) extending parallel to the tape contact face to be
     formed is provided during formation of the magnetic head structure, which
     layer is interrupted locally when the tape contact face is being formed so
     as to define spatially separated electric conductors for biasing at least
     one magnetoresistive element. Each electric conductor is connected to
     second connection faces (17a, 17b) by means of at least two second
     connection tracks (15a, 15b)."
"A composite read-while-write magnetic head assembly includes a substrate
     having first and second opposing planar surfaces. An inductive record head
     of the thin film type is situated on the first planar surface, and a
     playback head of the magnetoresistive (MR) type is located on the second
     planar surface, in alignment with the record head. With an MR playback
     head and a thin film record head, the alignment between the two heads is
     limited by the precision of a photolithographic process, which is very
     accurate relative to the width of even the most narrow record track.
     Furthermore, the substrate is selected to be of sufficient thickness to
     isolate the MR playback head from the effects of fields created by the
     inductive record head, thereby eliminating crosstalk between the two
     heads."
"A magnetic recording-reproducing apparatus is disclosed which comprises a
     recording inductive magnetic head, a reproducing magnetoresistive magnetic
     head, a read-write circuit for inputting a signal to the inductive
     magnetic head and for reproducing the output from the magnetoresistive
     magnetic head, an interface for inputting/outputting a signal between the
     read-write circuit and an external apparatus, and a mechanism for moving
     the inductive magnetic head, the magnetoresistive magnetic head and the
     magnetic recording medium relative to one another, wherein the information
     recorded on the recording medium is reproduced with an area recording
     density of 300 Mb/in.sup.2 or more."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) head assembly includes an elongated MR element,
     arranged transverse to an adjacent magnetic recording medium, defining two
     substantially equal MR portions. Signal processing circuitry, coupled to
     respective outputs of the two MR portions, is arranged for producing and
     manipulating sum and difference signals of respective playback signals
     developed across the two MR portions, to produce a resultant
     information-bearing signal played back from both MR portions that is
     unperturbed by any error signal induced by a localized asperity in the
     adjacent magnetic recording medium."
"A magnetoresistive sensor having a longitudinal field that is produced
     along its axis and that stabilizes the sensor. The longitudinal field is
     produced by the current in conductors that are connected to the
     magnetoresistive sensor elements. By controlling the direction and
     distribution of the current in the conductors, a longitudinal field is
     produced that has the required direction and magnitude to stabilize the
     single domain state of the sensor. The resulting lack of domain wall
     motion in the sensor during operation prevents instabilities in its
     electrical output, commonly known as Barkhausen noise. Four different
     sensor designs are provided that include two single element sensors with
     two conductors, a dual element sensor with four conductors, and a dual
     element sensor with three conductors. The ease of implementation makes the
     stabilized sensor of the present invention superior to conventional
     approaches that rely on permanent magnets or exchange coupled layers to
     provide longitudinal bias."
"A package for a magnetic field sensitive element, such as a
     magnetoresistor, includes at least two planar layers of a relatively stiff
     ferromagnetic material which is also electrically conductive. The layers
     have opposed edges which are in closely spaced relation to form a narrow
     gap therebetween. A terminal tab is integral with and extends from each
     layer. A magnetic field sensitive element is on a surface of at least one
     of the layers and preferably extends across the gap to be on both layers.
     The magnetic field sensitive element has a pair of contacts each of which
     is electrically connected to a separate one of the layers. A permanent
     magnet is mounted on and insulated from the surface of the layers opposite
     the magnetic field sensitive element. A protective layer of an insulating
     material may cover the magnetic field sensitive element and the layers
     with the terminal tabs extending therefrom."
"An integral head module having read and write elements positioned in an
     alternating relationship. A first pole piece of the integrated head module
     is formed with recesses into which are positioned write coils of write
     elements in order to provide write gaps of a greater length than the gaps
     of the MR read elements which are positioned on non-recessed portions of
     the first pole piece. The second pole piece is then affixed to the first
     pole piece together with a required insulating layer in order to form gaps
     of a first and increased length for the write elements and of a second and
     shorter length for the MR read elements."
"A magnetoresistive head is disclosed. It comprises a lower gap film, a
     magnetoresistive film, a bias film, an electrode, an upper gap film, and
     upper shield film provided in sequence on a substrate. A protective film
     is provided under the upper shield film to prevent the upper gap film and
     electrode from the undesirable etching during patterning the upper shield
     film."
"A thin film magnetic head and a method for making the thin film head by the
     use of electrical lapping guides includes the use of a resistive lapping
     guide that has a height dimension and an electrical resistance that
     optimizes the results of the comparison of the resistive lapping guide to
     a finished lapping guide. The resistive lapping guide is not lapped during
     the lapping process. The finished lapping guide is lapped and the
     resistive comparison between the two determines the stopping of the
     lapping process. An as-lapped guide which is of the same dimensions as the
     finished lapping guide after lapping can also be included. An interleaved
     magnetic head having alternating magneto-resistive read elements and
     inductive write elements can be precisely lapped by sensing the resistance
     of the lapping guide elements and using a formula to determine the final
     resistance of the finished lapping guide to halt the lapping process."
"A semiconductor magnetoresistive sensor and a method for its assembly is
     specifically provided. The preferred assembly method of this invention is
     compatible with automated semiconductor chip placement and packaging
     technology, so as to alleviate the previous requirement that the
     semiconductor sensing element be separately packaged. The sensor leads are
     substantially embedded within a powdered metal permanent magnet body. An
     exposed terminal end of each lead is available for electrical and adhesive
     contact to a subsequently attached magnetoresistive semiconductor sensing
     element, using conventional semiconductor placement and packaging
     techniques. The powdered metal magnetic body is preferably formed by
     utilizing powder metal compaction techniques, wherein the powder metal is
     compacted around the interior electrical leads. The teachings of this
     invention may also be employed to form a variety of electrical sensors and
     devices, wherein the leads are substantially embedded within a metal core
     so as to produce a solid assembly. The embedded leads may have a variety
     of shapes, such as straight or coiled, may range in number from one to a
     plurality, and may have a variety of physical properties, such as magnetic
     or non-magnetic, depending on the desired application."
"Magnetoresistant magnetic reading head and process for producing the same.
     The head comprises a magnetoresistant strip beneath a magnetic spacer.
     This strip is obtained by etching using the spacer partly as a mask.
     Therefore, the magnetoresistant element is self-aligned with respect to
     the spacer and is buried beneath it. Such a device finds particular
     application in magnetic recording and reading."
"A magnetic shield in a magnetoresistive head. The magnetic shield includes
     a lip portion adjacent a magnetoresistive element. The magnetic shield has
     a height equal to an integer multiple of the domain wall periodicity. The
     lip has a height approximately equal to the periodicity. The total height
     of the magnetic shield is approximately an integer multiple of the lip
     portion. The lip portion provides a stabilizing demagnetization effect
     which returns the magnetic domain pattern to a preferred hard axis
     magnetic domain pattern following a disruption to the magnetic domain
     pattern in either the easy or hard axis of the magnetic shield."
"An interleaved head for reading and writing data transitions onto a
     magnetic tape. A magnetic recording system for the bi-directional
     transportation of the tape media across the interleaved head. A controller
     controls the tape drive in a reel-to-reel format to accomplish the
     bi-directional motion of the tape media. The interleaved head includes two
     modules with each module having a plurality of alternating read and write
     transducers alternately spaced apart along a single line placed transverse
     to the movement of the magnetic tape. The two modules are placed together
     such that the write gaps of one module are aligned with the read gaps of
     the other module. Each read module includes the magneto-resistive element.
     Each write transducer includes a thin film conductor driving a nickel zinc
     ferrite substrate as one pole piece and a nickel zinc closure piece as the
     second pole piece. In order to provide leveling across the write
     transducers of the module, write back gap islands are provided in the back
     gap regions of the write transducer made of the same material with the
     same thickness as the magneto resistive element and the conductors
     interconnecting the magneto resistive element to the read/write network of
     the tape drive."
"An MR position detecting device according to the present invention
     comprises a magnet having magnetic poles alternately magnetized at
     predetermined intervals, a magnetoresistive element having
     magneto-detectors for a plurality of phases successively disposed a
     predetermined distance apart, with a pair of the magneto-detectors
     provided for each phase. The pair of magneto-detectors for each phase
     change their resistance values in response to the magnetic field of the
     magnet, are disposed half the formed magnetic pole width, in substance,
     apart, and are applied with voltage at both ends of a series connection
     thereof so as to output a signal from the middle point of the connection.
     A signal processing circuit defects a change in relative position between
     the magnetoresistive element and magnet on the basis of a signal obtained
     from the outputs of the pairs of magneto-detectors for the respective
     phases of the magnetoresistive element therefore, the device may detect
     position with high resolution and accuracy."
"An MR read head in which increased sensitivity is achieved by a flux path
     that enables an increased amount of flux that enters the MR element at its
     top edge on a read operation to pass through the entirety of the MR read
     element. This improved path is achieved by forming an extension area on
     the bottom inner edge of the MR read element. The extension extends
     through an aperture in an insulator layer to a first magnetic pole piece.
     This extension provides a low-impedance path that permits a higher
     percentage of the flux entering the MR element at its top portion to
     travel through the entirety of the MR element and thereby generates an
     increased signal output per unit of detected flux."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor comprising a first and a second thin film
     layer of a magnetic material separated by a thin film layer of a
     non-magnetic metallic material. The first ferromagnetic layer is
     magnetically soft. The magnetization direction of the first layer of
     magnetic material is set substantially perpendicular to the magnetization
     of the second layer of magnetic material at zero applied field, and the
     magnetization direction of the second layer of magnetic material is fixed.
     A current flow is produced through the MR sensor, and the variations in
     voltage across the MR sensor are sensed due to changes in resistance of
     the MR sensor produced by rotation of the magnetization in the first layer
     of magnetic material as a function of the magnetic field being sensed. The
     variation of the resistance with the angle between the magnetizations of
     the first and second layers of magnetic material has been defined as the
     spin valve (SV) effect. It is also shown that, by a suitable direction of
     the current with respect to the fixed magnetization, the (SV)
     magnetoresistance can be added constructively to the usual anisotropic
     magnetoresistance."
"A circuit for concurrently producing low noise electrical output signals
     which are amplified representations of signals produced by a
     magnetoresistive (MR) element and protecting said element from electrical
     short circuits which can occur between said element and its environment. A
     first feedback loop comprises (a) an input amplifier for amplifying a
     signal current from the MR element and (b) a source of bias current for
     biasing the MR element with a bias voltage. An input amplifier is
     concurrently biased by said current and amplifies a signal current from
     the MR element for producing a circuit output signal corresponding to
     dRh/RhRh and in which any differential direct current (dc) output offset
     error is minimized. (RhRh is the square of the time-averaged resistance of
     the MR element and dRh is the magnetic-signal-induced change in the
     resistance of the MR element.) A second feedback loop, electrically in
     series with the first feedback loop, biases the MR element toward a
     preselected reference potential and concurrently prevents flow of a
     current sufficient to damage the MR element in the event of a short
     circuit occurring between the MR element and its environment (e.g. the
     recording surface of a magnetic recording disk)."
"At least one imaging parameter (e.g., the repetition interval TR or the
     initial nutation angle .theta.) is varied during the course of a single MR
     image sequence. This variation in at least one imaging parameter is
     preferably controlled so as to increase the contrast and signal-to-noise
     ratio of lower spatial frequency image components. For example, by using
     longer TR intervals (or smaller initial nutation angle .theta.) during
     lower spatial frequency phase encoding sub-sequences, relatively more
     signal is gathered from NMR nuclei having long T1 parameters thus
     providing a resultant image with many characteristics of a much longer
     overall sequence (e.g., one using uniform relatively long TR intervals for
     all spatial frequency phase encoding sub-sequences)."
"A magnetic sensor has first, second, third and fourth magneto-resistance
     effect elements disposed in a direction of a magnetizing pitch (1) of a
     magnetic recording medium serving to supply a magnetic signal, with first
     and second magneto-resistance effect elements disposed spacedly from each
     other at an interval corresponding to an electrical angle of .theta., the
     third and fourth magneto-resistance effect elements disposed spacedly from
     each other at an interval corresponding to an electrical angle of
     (360.degree.-.theta.), and the intervals between the center line of the
     first and second magneto-resistance effect elements and between the line
     of the third and fourth magneto-resistance effect elements being set to
     n.lambda.. The four magneto-resistance effect elements are connected to
     one another in series in the order of the first, second, fourth and third
     magneto-resistance effect elements with both ends of the
     serially-connected magneto-resistance effect elements being provided with
     a power source terminal, and an output terminal being provided at a
     conjunctive point of the second and fourth magneto-resistance effect
     elements. .theta. is set to a range of
     30.degree..ltoreq..theta..ltoreq.90.degree., based on .lambda.=360 to
     thereby enable an output wave form of the magnetic sensor to have a large
     or sharp gradient in the vicinity of a comparing level."
"A nonvolatile random access memory is formed by thin permalloy shaped into
     ""wiggle"" patterns and magnetized to establish a plurality of memory cells
     arranged into an array. Magnetic domain walls are formed at apexes of the
     ""wiggle"" pattern in each memory cell after a predetermined magnetic field
     is applied along the hard axis of the memory cell array by magnetization
     so aligned. Row address lines for reading and writing into the memory
     cells and column address lines for writing into the memory cells are
     provided to conduct currents through each column of the array for
     magnetoresistance readout."
"A horizontal magnetic reading head for a perpendicular recording on a
     magnetic tape.
A magnetic layer (50,51,52) is interrupted by two spacers arranged
     symmetrically with respect to the plane of a monopole (56). A U-shaped
     magnetoresistant element is constituted by two ribbons (34,35) parallel to
     the monopole and respectively located in the two spacers of the magnetic
     layer. The two ribbons are joined by a magnetoresistant bridge (36).
     Optionally, the head can have a conductor coil so that it could write in
     addition to read."
"A magnetic field sensor, such as a magnetoresistor, includes a strip of a
     layer of a high electron mobility semiconductor whose electrical
     characteristics vary when a magnetic field is applied thereto on the
     surface of a body (substrate) of an insulating layer. Conductive contacts
     are on the strip at the ends thereof and conductive shorting bars are on
     and spaced along the strip to divide the strip into active regions. The
     body is mounted on a permanent magnet assembly which includes a magnet and
     a layer of a ferromagnetic material with the ferromagnetic material
     extending over the strip. The ferromagnetic layer is in close proximity to
     only the strip and, more preferably, to only the active regions of the
     strip so as to confine the magnetic field to the strip."
"A force transducer for providing a signal indicative of, and a method for
     sensing, the magnitude of an external force applied to a ferromagnetic
     member, the external force causing tensile and/or compressive stresses to
     arise in the member, comprising a permanent magnet for creating a magnetic
     field and a sensor, such as a Hall effect or magnetoresistive device, for
     sensing the magnetic field intensity at the sensor. The member is
     positioned for conducting a portion of the magnetic flux therethrough, the
     amount of member-conducted magnetic flux being a function of the stressed
     condition of the member and of the applied force creating the stressed
     condition. The sensor senses only a portion of the flux not conducted
     through the member (leakage flux) and means are provided for converting
     the sensed leakage flux into a signal proportional to the magnitude of the
     force applied to the member. In one preferred form the member is
     positioned between the permanent magnet and the sensor. In another form
     the sensor is positioned on the same side of the member as the permanent
     magnet."
"The superconductor magneto-resistive element 14 is installed in a center
     portion surrounded by two coils 15 and 16 which generate A.C. and D.C.
     bias magnetic fields respectively. The coils 15 and 16 are respectively
     connected to A.C. and D.C. power sources for applying A.C. and D.C. bias
     magnetic field to the element 14.
With the output signal of the element 14, the fundamental component having
     the frequency component same as that of the A.C. bias magnetic field and
     the quadratic harmonic component having the frequency component twice as
     that of the fundamental component are calculated using the Fourier
     transform. The calculated value of the fundamental component is divided by
     the value of the quadratic harmonic component, thereby removing the change
     of the output signal of the element 14 due to the fluctuation inherent in
     the element 14, enabling to measure an external magnetic field with high
     accuracy."
"Method and apparatus for supplying bias to a magnetoresistive element in an
     encapsulated thin film head for reducing the likelihood of generation of
     Barkhausen noise when reading flux from a magnetic storage disk. The
     invention achieves a relatively uniform easy axis bias field in an easy to
     implement manner by creating a magnetic bias structure on the encapsulated
     heat at the same time as providing the contact pads for the MR element."
"An MR head includes two substantially identical MR elements, separated by a
     thin film non-magnetic electrically conductive spacer. A current applied
     to the MR head splits into two respective substantially equal currents
     that flow in the same direction through the substantially identical MR
     elements, to provide mutual bias and to serve as sense currents for
     detecting change in element resistance. The MR elements are biased to
     operate in a magnetically unsaturated mode. This results in a
     ""bootstrapping"" of short wavelength signals that effectively amplifies the
     reproduced signal over a broad region of the signal spectrum when the
     linear spacing between the MR elements is in the range of from one half to
     one times the half-wavelength of signals recorded on a magnetic recording
     medium."
"A magnetic field sensor, such as a magnetoresistor, having improved
     electron mobility comprises a substrate of an insulating semiconductor
     material, such as gallium arsenide or indium phosphide, having on a
     surface thereof a narrow strip of a thin active film. The active film has
     a thin first layer of undoped or lightly doped high electron mobility
     semiconductor material, such as indium antimonide or indium arsenide, on
     the substrate surface, and a second layer of the semiconductor material,
     which may be thicker than the first layer, on the first layer. The second
     layer is at least partially doped n-type conductivity so as to have a high
     electron density. The second layer may be entirely of the n-type
     conductivity semiconductor material or a superlattice of alternating
     layers of n-type conductivity and intrinsic semiconductor materials or a
     superlattice of intrinsic semiconductor material and a ternary or
     quaternary alloy of the semiconductor material which is at least partially
     of n-type conductivity. A conductive contact is on the active film at the
     ends thereof. For a magnetoresistor, a plurality of conductive shorting
     bars are on and spaced along the strip of the active film material."
"A magnetic resonance imaging apparatus comprising device for applying a
     magnetic field to a sample to be imaged, device for applying pulses of MR
     transition-exciting electromagnetic radiation to the sample, an NMR signal
     coil for detecting the resulting radiation from the sample, and device for
     appling pulses of electromagnetic radiation to the sample for stimulating
     coupled ESR transitions, in which a pulse generating device is coupled to
     the NMR signal coil and antennas are coupled to the coil and disposed at
     plural positions along the coil, whereby pulses for stimulating coupled
     ESR transitions may be transmitted from the pulse generating device
     through the coil to the antennas and thence into the sample, the antennas
     being arranged to give a predominantly magnetic coupling to the sample."
"A MIC package housing that reduces or completely eliminates alumina
     substrate cracking due to thermal expansion rate differences between the
     housing and the alumina by using a low-expansion iron-nickel alloy, such
     as commercially available Carpenter 49, made to ASTM Specification
     A-753-78 (Alloy 2) and MIL-N-14411B (MR) (Composition 3 and 4). Such a
     housing places compressive stresses no glass-to-metal seals used in
     hermetic feedthroughs and the glass is fused and the stresses relieved by
     a special process of annealing. Manufacturing yields are improved and very
     large alumina substrates can be used and are attached by hard soldering."
"A high speed read MRAM memory element is configured from a sandwich of
     magnetizable, ferromagnetic films surrounding a magento-resistive film
     which may be ferromagnetic or not. One outer ferromagnetic film has a
     higher coercive force than the other and therefore remains magnetized in
     one sense while the other may be switched in sense by a switching magnetic
     field. The magneto-resistive film is therefore sensitive to the amplitude
     of the resultant field between the outer ferromagnetic films and may be
     constructed of a high resistivity, high magneto-resistive material capable
     of higher sensing currents. This permits higher read voltages and
     therefore faster read operations. Alternate embodiments with perpendicular
     anisotropy, and in-plane anisotropy are shown, including an embodiment
     which uses high permeability guides to direct the closing flux path
     through the magneto-resistive material. High density, high speed,
     radiation hard, memory matrices may be constructed from these memory
     elements."
"The magnetic layer of a head structure can satisfy the characteristics of
     both the magnetic shield layer and magnetic pole layer for recording by
     bringing the combined upper part and lower part of the magnetic layer
     respectively into conformity with the widths necessary for the shield
     layer and for the magnetic pole, e.g., specifically, by disposing a taper
     or more specifically a step shape to the section of the magnetic layer to
     have the dimension of the upper part of the magnetic layer different from
     that of the lower part. The width of the magnetic layer facing one of the
     recording magnetic poles can be brought into conformity with the track
     width. Accordingly, the flux at the time of a write operation concentrates
     on the track width portion and hence, side writing of the recording head
     can be reduced. On the other hand, the width of the magnetic head on the
     opposed side to the magnetoresistive sensor can be extended sufficiently
     to fully cover the sensor. For this reason, the noise picked up by the
     magnetoresistive sensor resulting from the signal flux from the adjacent
     tracks can be reduced."
"In order to improve the sensitivity of the head when reading, without
     excessively reducing its efficiency when writing, the magnetic circuit
     used is left open. The reading flux then re-closes, essentially across the
     magnetoresistant element (MR)."
"A differential amplifier circuit comprises a current mirror circuit
     associated with an electric power source, and an amplifier circuit for
     developing differential voltage produced between a pair of output nodes of
     the current mirror circuit, and the current mirror circuit is implemented
     by a first series combination of a first magneto-resistive element, a
     first bipolar transistor and a second magneto-resistive element and a
     second series combination of a third magneto-resistive element, a second
     bipolar transistor and a fourth magneto-resistive element, wherein the
     first to fourth magneto-resistive elements are arranged in such a manner
     that variation of magnetic field has the same influence on the first and
     fourth magneto-resistive elements and on the second and third
     magneto-resistive elements so that the characteristics of the current
     mirror circuit is hardly affected by fluctuation of device characteristics
     of either first or second bipolar transistor."
"A crosstie random access memory system for reading and/or writing,
     utilizing permalloy thin films patterned into ""wiggle"" shapes to form a
     plurality of memory cells in an array. Address lines for reading and/or
     writing into the memory cells are operative through associated circuitry
     for writing at selected locations in the array using coincident currents.
     Current passed through each column of memory cells effects
     magnetoresistance readout in conjunction with row address lines by means
     of the aforementioned associated circuitry which is arranged so as to be
     integrated on a single substrate with the memory array."
"An integrated inductive write, magnetoresistive (MR) read thin film
     magnetic head comprising an open magnetic yoke having outside legs each
     having a winding thereon and a central leg having an opening across which
     the MR element is coupled. The outer legs are overlapped at one end to
     form confronting pole pieces having a transducing gap between the pole
     pieces, and the central leg is positioned between the pole pieces at one
     end and joined with the outer legs at the other end to form a symmetrical
     magnetic yoke structure. The windings are wound in a direction so that the
     flux produced by equally energizing the windings is equal and opposite in
     each of the outside legs, is additive at the transducing gap between the
     pole pieces, and produces no net flux through the central leg."
"An interleaved head for reading and writing data transitions onto a
     magnetic tape. A magnetic recording system for the bi-directional
     transportation of the tape media across the interleaved head. A controller
     controls the tape drive in a reel-to-reel format to accomplish the
     bi-directional motion of the tape media. The interleaved head includes two
     modules with each module having a plurality of alternating read and write
     transducers alternately spaced apart along a single line placed transverse
     to the movement of the magnetic tape. The two modules are placed together
     such that the write gaps of one module are aligned with the read gaps of
     the other module. Each read module includes the magneto-resistive element.
     Each write transducer includes a thin film conductor driving a nickel zinc
     ferrite substrate as one pole piece and a nickel zinc closure piece as the
     second pole piece. In order to provide leveling across the write
     transducers of the module, write back gap islands are provided in the back
     gap regions of the write transducer made of the same material with the
     same thickness as the magneto resistive element and the conductors
     interconnecting the magneto resistive element to the read/write network of
     the tape drive."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor comprising a layered structure formed on a
     substrate includes a first and a second thin film layer of magnetic
     material separated by a thin film layer of non-magnetic metallic material
     such as Cu, Au, or Ag, with at least one of the layers of ferromagnetic
     material formed of either cobalt or a cobalt alloy. The magnetization
     direction of the first ferromagnetic layer, at zero applied field, is set
     substantially perpendicular to the magnetization direction of the second
     ferromagnetic layer which is fixed in position. A current flow is produced
     through the sensor, and the variations in voltage across the MR sensor are
     sensed due to the changes in resistance produced by rotation of the
     magnetization in the front layer of ferromagnetic material as a function
     of the magnetic field being sensed."
"A read-write head comprising a magneto-resistive element and a conductor
     for producing a longitudinal magnetic bias field along said MR element.
     The conductor may also be arranged to produce a transverse magnetic bias
     field."
"An unshielded horizontal magnetoresistive head for magnetic sensing and
     reading devices. The horizontal unshielded magnetoresistive head is
     comprised of two magnetoresistive elements separated by a gap and a
     conductive cross member which electrically connects the magnetoresistive
     elements together and to a common electrical point such as system ground.
     A differential voltage sensing circuit is connected across the
     magnetoresistive elements for sensing voltage variations when magnetic
     data is sensed by the head. The present invention further facilitates a
     more simplified fabrication process which results in cost savings and more
     efficient fabrication methods and procedures."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer comprising an MR layer having
     longitudinally magnetized end regions separated by a central active region
     and a soft magnetic biasing layer parallel to but spaced from the MR
     layer. The easy axes of the MR layer and the soft magnetic biasing layer
     are tilted at a small angle with respect to the longitudinal axis of the
     transducer and these angles are substantially equal, but in the opposite
     sense."
"A magnetic field sensor, such as a magnetoresistor, Hall effect device or
     magnetotransistor, comprising an active layer of indium antimonide on the
     surface of a substrate having a length substantially greater than its
     width. A conductive contact is on the active layer at each end thereof and
     a plurality of shorting bar contacts are on the active layer and spaced
     along the length of the active layer between the end contacts. The
     contacts are each of a thin layer of a highly conductive n-type
     conductivity semiconductor material which has a low sheet resistivity and
     a low contact resistance with the active layer. A layer of a conductive
     metal may be provided on the semiconductor material layer of the contact,
     and a thin layer of highly conductive n-type indium antimonide may be
     provided between the semiconductive material layer and the active layer."
"Methods for improved MR imaging of an object by the use of back-to-back
     adiabatic RF pulse sequences. In one embodiment, a selective component
     suppressed MR image of the internal structure of an object is produced
     from a series of gradient echoes received in response to the generation of
     back-to-back opposing adiabatic half passage selective component
     suppressive RF pulses separated by 180 degrees in phase. In another
     embodiment, an enhanced MR image of the internal structure of an object is
     produced from a series of gradient echoes received in response to the
     generation of back-to-back opposing adiabatic half passage selective
     component suppressive RF pulses separated by 90 degrees in phase."
"A method is described for depositing a thin protective carbon film on the
     air bearing surface of a slider in a magnetic recording disk file. A disk
     file with a conventional slider and a disk with an essentially carbon
     protective overcoat is cycled on and off at a frequency such that the
     slider is maintained in contact with the disk. Alternatively, the disk is
     rotated at a low constant speed so that the slider is maintained in
     contact with the disk. In both cases, carbon is transferred from the
     carbon overcoated disk to the air bearing surface of the slider such that
     during subsequent operation of the disk file, the disk file has excellent
     durability, especially when operated at relatively low humidity, as is
     required in those disk files which use a magnetoresistive sensor on the
     slider."
"The present invention relates to an angle detection sensor including: a
     magnetoresistive element in which a bias magnet is laminated on a magnetic
     pattern resistance layer of a thin film ferromagnetic material, and a
     permanent magnet fixed to a rotation shaft which rotates about the center
     of the magnetoresistive element. In particular, when a rotation angle of
     the permanent magnet is large, a ratio of a first magnetic force of said
     permanent magnet to a second magnetic force of said bias magnet is set to
     be smaller than 1, and, when the rotation angle of the permanent magnet is
     small, the ratio of the first magnetic force of the permanent magnet to
     the second magnetic force of the bias magnet is set to be larger than 1."
"A read head arrangement comprising n first read heads (h.sub.a.1, . . . ,
     h.sub.a.n) and n second read heads (h.sub.b.1, . . . , h.sub.b.n) of the
     magnetoresistance type, n transistors (Tr.sub.1, . . . , Tr.sub.n) and
     switching means (S), where n is an integer greater than two. The first
     main electrode (collector) of a transistor (Tr.sub.i) is coupled to an
     i-th output (U.sub.i) of the arrangement. The second main electrode
     (emitter) of the transistor (Tr.sub.i) is coupled to a first terminal
     (t.sub.1) of a first read head (h.sub.a.i) and a second read head
     (h.sub.b.i). The second terminal (t.sub.2) of the first read head
     (h.sub.a.1) is coupled to a first terminal (a) of the switching means (S).
     The second terminal (t.sub.2) of the second read head (h.sub.b.1) is
     coupled to a second terminal (b) of the switching means (S), of which a
     third terminal (c) is coupled to a point of constant potential (earth),
     while i ranges from 1 to n."
"There is provided an electron spin resonance enhanced magnetic resonance
     imaging (ESREMRI) apparatus having means arranged to generate a primary
     magnetic field of a first value during periods of nuclear spin transition
     excitation and magnetic resonance signal detection for the generation of
     ESREMRI images of a subject and means arranged to generate a primary
     magnetic field of a second and higher value during periods of nuclear spin
     transition excitation and magnetic resonance signal detection for the
     generation of native MR images of a subject, and preferably also means for
     combining, e.g. superimposing, ESREMRI and native MR images so generated."
"A magnetoresistive playback head for a small magnetic disk. Electrodes
     connected to an MR element each has a linear portion extending over a
     length which is more than ten times greater than the width of the MR
     element. The electrodes each extends from the MR element at an angle less
     than 14 degrees. This allows only a single magnetic domain to exist in the
     MR element and frees the magneto-resistive response from distortions or
     hysteresis. As a result, signals reproduced from a magnetic recording
     medium do not include any distortion or noise."
"A superconductive magneto-resistive device includes superconductive ceramic
     films having a magneto-resistive effect. In the superconductive
     magneto-resistive device, the superconductive ceramic films are laminated
     one by one, and the adjacent superconductive ceramic films are insulated
     by each electrical insulation film, respectively, except for one portion
     of each of the adjacent superconductive ceramic films, resulting in that
     the superconductive ceramic films are connected in series. Furthermore, a
     pair of electrodes is arranged on the upper-most and lower-most
     superconductive ceramic films."
"A data compression system is provided having a fixed length coding unit
     provided before a universal coding unit. The fixed length coding unit
     detects mode classifications and mode conditions of changing picture
     elements in a mode detecting unit. Then, the mode classifications and mode
     conditions are converted to fixed length code words in a code transforming
     unit representative of, e.g., MH, MR or MMR-type codes. Thereafter, the
     fixed length code words are predictively coded by the universal coding
     unit to output compressed data. The present invention is applicable to
     both character data and picture data. Preferably, the picture data is
     preprocessed by the fixed length coding unit before both of the character
     data and picture data are predictively coded by the universal coding unit."
"A magnetic detection device including at least one oscillator circuit
     having a magnetoresistance element which converts a change of magnetism
     detected into a digital signal and a comparator for comparing the
     digitalized oscillating frequency of the oscillator circuit with another
     digitalized oscillating frequency generated from another oscillating
     circuit by taking a ratio thereof or by detecting a phase difference
     between the pulse signals. Utilizing the magnetic detection device, the
     amount of change of magnetism can be stably detected with a high accuracy
     within a wide range of ambient usage temperatures.
Also, a physical quantity detection device including the magnetic detection
     device which can detect any physical quantity with a high accuracy."
"A superconductive apparatus has a superconductive device such as a
     superconductive magneto-resistive device. The superconductive device is
     mounted within an airtight package which is sealed to create an airtight
     state. Before sealing, the airtight package is evacuated to replace the
     internal air thereof with an inert gas."
"An apparatus for magnetic measurement using superconductive
     magneto-resistive film which is disposed in a magnetic field with the
     surface of the superconductive magneto-resistive film directed in parallel
     with the direction of the magnetic field so that the magnetic hysterisis
     property of the film can be avoided and the accuracy of the measurement
     can be much improved."
"A superconductive magneto-resistive device for use in a sensor system for
     sensing an external magnetic field which is formed so as to have a
     predetermined pattern for a current path through which a supplied current
     flows. The pattern includes portions formed close and parallel to each
     other so that magnetic fields induced by respective currents flowing
     through the portions can be cancelled with each other."
"A preamplifer for use with a magneto-resistive playback head in which a
     d.c. current source provides current through a field effect transistor and
     the magneto-resistive element to ground. An operational transconductance
     amplifier included in a feedback loop provides a bias voltage for the
     field-effect transistor, whereby the voltage across the said
     magneto-resistive element is held constant while the resistance of said
     element changes. The resulting a.c. current flowing through the
     magneto-resistive element flows only through the feedback loop and an
     output resistor connected across the inputs of the operational
     transconductance amplifier. The amplification of the circuit is
     approximately the resistance of the output resistor divided by the
     resistance of the magneto-resistive element."
"A magnetometer includes a magnetoresistive element and first and second
     high-permeable laminated flux collectors of height H partially
     overlapping, respectively, opposing lateral edges of the magnetoresistive
     element, wherein the flux collectors are separated laterally by a gap of
     length G which the magnetoresistive element spans. The two laminated flux
     collector and the magnetoresistive element cooperatively form an open-loop
     flux-conducting path of total height 2H+G, that is capable of collecting
     flux of a magnetic field being measured and, in response to the flux
     collected, developing a magnetometive force across the gap G that is
     functionally related to the height of the flux collectors."
"A magnetoresistive sensor that includes a thin film of nominally undoped
     monocrystalline indium arsenide. An indium arsenide film is described that
     appears to have a naturally occurring accumulation layer adjacent its
     outer surface. With film thicknesses below 5 micrometers, preferably below
     3 micrometers, the presence of the accumulation layer can have a very
     noticeable effect. A method for making the sensor is also described. The
     unexpected improvement provides a significant apparent increase in
     mobility and conductivity of the indium arsenide, and an actual increase
     in magnetic sensitivity and temperature insensitivity."
"A magnetic sensor for an encoder having tracks arranged alternately with N-
     and S-poles, comprising two MR thin films arranged at a near interval in
     the track direction with a direction perpendicular to the tracks as a
     longitudinal direction, oblique electrode formed obliquely to the
     longitudinal direction on the magnetoresistance effect detecting magnetic
     thin films to generate a bias magnetic field of opposite directions
     parallel to the tracks by a current flowing to the oblique electrodes in
     the MR thin films, thereby detecting poles arranged at random intervals."
"A multi-slice magnetic resonance (MR) acquisition sequence for acquiring
     data from a section of interest wherein the sections surrounding the
     section of interest are presaturated, then multiple slices from the
     section of interest are selected and data is acquired from the selected
     multiple slices."
"A thin-film magnetic head comprises a magnetic yoke, having a first and a
     second flux conductor (1, 2) and a magneto-resistance element (4) remote
     from a head face (7). A first edge portion (4a) of the magneto-resistance
     element (4) is located closer to the head face (7) than a second edge
     portion (4b). The first flux condutor (1) extends from the head face (7)
     to close to the first edge portion (4a) and the second flux conductor (2)
     extends from the head face at least to the second edge portion (4b).
     Furthermore, the magnetic head includes a further magneto-resistance
     element (5) which forms part of the magnetic yoke and is located between
     the first and the second flux conductors (1, 2) at the head face (7)."
"A coil system is disclosed which is particularly suitable for
     volume-selective MR spectroscopy. In addition to the coil for generating
     the RF pulses and for receiving the MR spin resonance signals, the coil
     system comprises a correction coil which receives a direct current so that
     this coil generates an inhomogeneous field which compensates for
     inhomogeneities of the steady magnetic field in the selected volume. As a
     result, the magnetic field in this zone becomes homogeneous to such an
     extent that spectroscopic examinations can also be performed in zones in
     which the magnetic susceptibility varies strongly in space."
"A read head assembly senses information recorded on magnetic media from
     tracks having different widths. The read head comprises a magnetoresistive
     strip which is positioned normal to the direction of movement of the
     magnetic media. In a preferred embodiment, the magnetoresistive strip
     includes two pairs of signal conducting leads, one pair of which has a
     lead spacing approximately equal to a first relatively narrow track width,
     and the other pair having a spacing approximately equal to a second,
     relatively wide track width."
"The head includes a read pole disposed between a pair of write poles spaced
     apart to form a gap therebetween. The read pole conducts flux to a flux
     sensor that is located away from the gap. The head can be utilized for
     both longitudinal and perpendicular recording and the readback function
     can be carried out by an inductive coil or flux sensing devices such as a
     Hall sensor or an MR sensor. The recording head achieves high readback
     resolution, high write field gradients, and the capability for write
     wide-read narrow. The read pole and write poles are laminated structures."
"An amplifier circuit is disclosed for simultaneously producing electrical
     output signals whose magnitude is representative of signals produced by a
     magnetoresistive (MR) element and protecting said MR element from
     electrical short circuits between said element and its environment. A
     means including a first feedback loop biases the MR element with a bias
     current and amplifies a signal current for causing the MR element to
     produce a circuit output signal corresponding to dRh/Rh and in which any
     dc offset error is minimized. Rh is the resistance of the MR element and
     dRh is the magnetic-signal-induced change in the resistance of the MR
     element. A second feedback loop insures that the MR element is held at a
     preselected reference potential and concurrently insures that no current
     will flow sufficient to damage the element in event of a short circuit
     between the element and its environment. The feedback loops are
     interconnected by outputs of the respective feedback loops being commonly
     connected to the bases of a pair of input bipolar transistors, whose
     respective emitters are connected to opposite terminals of the MR element."
"A MIC package housing that reduces or completely eliminates alumina
     substrate cracking due to thermal expansion rate differences between the
     housing and the alumina by using a low-expansion iron-nickel alloy, such
     as commercially available Carpenter 49, made to ASTM Specification
     A-753-78 (Alloy 2) and MIL-N-14411B (MR) (Composition 3 and 4). Such a
     housing places compressive stresses on glass-to-metal seals used in
     hermetic feedthroughs and the glass is fused and the stresses relieved by
     a special process of annealing. Manufacturing yields are improved and very
     large alumina substrates can be used and are attached by hard soldering."
"A spool of a valve main body is switched and driven by exciting a solenoid
     coil by supplying a DC or AC voltage. An intensity of the magnetism
     generated by the excitation of the solenoid coil is detected by a magnetic
     sensor. When a predetermined sensor output is obtained, an indicator lamp
     is lit to indicate that the spool has operated correctly. The intensity of
     the magnetism due to the DC excitation is detected by magnetoresistive
     devices. The intensity of magnetism due to the AC excitation is detected
     by a pickup coil or a current transformer."
"A thin film magnetic head includes an upper magnetic layer comprising a
     first yoke, a portion of which is divided into front and rear sections and
     which is provided near the divided sections with a magneto-resistive
     element, a second yoke provided adjacent to the opposite ends of the first
     yoke in a widthwise direction of a recording track and a third yoke
     provided between the first yoke and the second yoke and having a larger
     magnetic reluctance than those of the first and second yokes. In the above
     constitution, the first, second and third yokes can be mainly used in
     recording to record in an area of a large width on the recording medium,
     and only the first yoke can be used in reproducing to reproduce in an area
     of a small width on the recording medium, so that the reproducing output
     is not reduced when the recording medium experiences a running deviation."
"A thin-film magnetic head comprises a magnetic yoke having first and second
     flux conductors (3, 4) and a magneto-resistance element (7), located
     remotely from a head face (1). An edge portion (7a) of the
     magneto-resistance element (7) is located closer to the head face (1) than
     a second edge portion (7b). The first flux conductor (3) extends from the
     head face (1) to close to the first edge portion (7a) and the second flux
     conductor (4) extends from the head face at least to the second edge
     portion (7b). The magnetic head furthermore comprises a third flux
     conductor (5) which extends from the head face (1) to close to an end
     portion (16) of the first flux conductor (3) located near the first edge
     portion (7b). A transducing gap (17) and an inductive element (9) are
     located between the first and the third flux conductors (3, 5)."
"The system of the present invention makes use of a data synthesizer to
     produce a synthesized analog data signal representative of a special
     encoded binary waveform to perform a test on both the magneto resistive
     element as well as the associated read path electronics independent of
     operator intervention. The special encoded binary waveform is coupled to
     the magneto resistive element to produce an approximation of the typical
     read back signal that is read by the magneto resistive element from a test
     magnetic tape. The analog signal output by the magneto resistive element
     is applied to the read back electronics, where it is converted in well
     known fashion to a digital data signal indicative of the synthesizer block
     of data that is applied to the magneto resistive element. The output of
     the read path electronics is applied to a special pattern detector, a sync
     pattern detector and a test pattern detector which function to detect
     anomalies in the digital data that is output by the read path electronics."
"A mechanical ultrasonic scanner includes a transducer element which is
     swingably supported in a housing, and a sensor for detecting a swinging
     angle of the transducer element. The sensor includes a permanent magnet
     swung together with the transducer element, and a magnetoresistive element
     fixed to the housing to be opposite to a swinging locus of the permanent
     magnet. The permanent magnet generates a magnetic field between the
     permanent magnet and the magnetoresistive element. The magnetoresistive
     element detects a strength of the magnetic field which changes in
     correspondence with a swinging angle of the magnet, so that the swinging
     angle of the transducer element is detected on the basis of the change in
     the strength of the magnetic field. Even if the housing contains a sound
     transmitting medium, the magnetic field generated by the sensor is not
     adversely affected by the sound transmitting medium. Therefore, the
     swinging angle of the transducer element can be accurately detected to
     accurately obtain a radiating/returning direction of an ultrasonic beam,
     thus accurately reconstructing an image. In addition, the position of the
     transducer element can be controlled with high precision."
"An MR head includes two substantially identical MR elements, separated by
     an insulating layer which has shorting stubs at its ends for electrically
     shorting the MR elements. A current applied to the MR elements splits into
     two currents that flow in the same direction through the substantially
     identical MR elements, to provide mutual bias and to serve as sense
     currents for detecting change in element resistance. The MR elements are
     biased to operate in a magnetically unsaturated mode. This results in a
     ""bootstrapping"" of short wavelength signals that effectively amplifies the
     reproduced signal over a broad region of the signal spectrum when the
     linear spacing between the MR elements is in the range of from one half to
     one times the half-wavelength of signals recorded on a magnetic recording
     medium."
"A combined transverse and longitudinal biasing conductor for MR element,
     and a thin film head including same."
"A 2-quantum selective MR sequence is proposed for the selective
     determination of the nuclear magnetisation distribution of a metabolite
     such as lacate while suppressing at the same time another metabolite such
     as alanine. A 2-quantum selective sequence which contains three 90.degree.
     pulses (p1, p2, p3) and two gradients (G1r, G2r) for the selection of
     2-quantum coherence is performed twice, the polarity of one of the two
     gradients (G1r, G1r') being reversed. When the time interval (tb) between
     the second (p2) and the third (p3) pulse is suitably chosen, a spectrum of
     a metabolite such as lactate is selectively determined from the amplitude
     modulated sum signal of the resonance signals generated by the sequence."
"The present invention is a method for constructing dual stripe
     magnetoresistive read heads by depositing each stripe on a separate
     substrate and then bringing the stripes together in the assembly process.
     The method of the present invention first forms two substrates and
     deposits a layer from which conductor leads and stripes will be defined
     upon them. Connecting pads are provided to allow all the conductor leads
     to terminate on one substrate and connect with a standard flex circuit.
     After the leads and stripes are defined, a layer of insulation is then
     placed over the stripes, leads and substrates. Finally, the substrates are
     shaped to the preferred from and mounted together to form a recording head
     with the magnetoresistive stripes precisely positioned adjacent to each
     other. Advantageously, this method permits the deposition of the MR strips
     at the same time and under the same deposition conditions."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor is center tapped to provide the difference
     signals for servo operation on data and sum signals for the data
     information. The center-tap of the MR sensor is made of a high resistivity
     material compared to the resistivity of the MR element itself such as
     tantalum, Nichrome and carbon. Processes which can be used to produce the
     high resistivity center-tap conductor include an insulator layer to define
     both the track width and the center-tap conductor and a sequence which
     first patterns the MR sensor and then masks to define the conductor
     regions."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer having passive end regions
     separated by a central active region in which an MR layer is formed which
     extends over substantially only the central active region and in which a
     hard magnetic layer is formed in each end region. The hard magnetic layers
     form an abutting junction having electrical and magnetic continuity with
     the MR layer to produce a longitudinal bias in the MR sensor. The
     transducer is produced by a method in which the same stencil defines the
     extent of both the MR layer and the hard magnetic layers so that the
     abutting junctions are formed easily and reliably."
"In an MRI system, in order to acquire an MR image representing a brain
     surface anatomy of a head of a subject, a surface coil is disposed near
     the head of the subject, and a predetermined pulse sequence by a spin echo
     method, a field echo method, or the like is performed. A view direction is
     changed for a single slice, and an MR image based on stereoscopic viewing
     is obtained by a single scan. Regions of interest are set on the brain
     surface portion on the MR image, and then a predetermined pulse sequence
     is using an echo time for inhibiting mr signals from fat of the brain
     surface and using a pulse repetition time for enhancing mr signals from
     water of the brain surface in order performed to obtain projection data in
     a direction of depth, thereby allowing accurate grasping of the position
     of a disease portion."
"A recording head includes at least one magnetic pole and magnetic side
     shields adjacent to the pole, the side shields disposed to shield the pole
     from adjacent tracks on a magnetic medium. Embodiments are disclosed for
     both longitudinal and vertical recording in monopole, two-pole, and
     three-pole heads, including inductive, MR and Hall-type read elements. A
     magnetic head capable of detecting flux from a target source among a group
     of sources, includes at least one magnetic pole and a magnetic shield, the
     shield providing to the pole 360.degree. of magnetic shielding against
     sensing by the pole of flux other than the target source. Also disclosed
     is an alternate flux return conductor being separated at the pole tip from
     the shield section by a non-magnetic insulation layer. A shielded magnetic
     head may have two outer magnetic poles, the two outer poles acting as the
     magnetic shield for a center pole, whereby the outer poles can be used for
     writing and the center pole can be used for reading."
"A speed sensor is made by assembling a permanent magnet, a soft magnetic
     layer on the magnet, a magnetoresistive sensor element of the soft
     magnetic layer, and a toothed ferritic member mounted for movement past
     the sensor element. The permanent magnet is surface treated to form, in
     situ, the soft magnetic layer comprising a thin layer of high
     permeability, low coercivity material. An Nd-Fe-B alloy magnet is surface
     treated by a laser or electron beam to melt a thin layer which is cooled
     to resolidify into a soft magnetic material. Rapid cooling achieves an
     amorphous surface layer having the desired properties. Slow cooling
     results in the formation of alpha-iron grains which enhance the soft
     magnetic properties. Iron formation is aided by reacting with an oxidizing
     atmosphere. Iron alloying by adding iron powder to the molten layer is
     also discussed."
"A head structure for reading and writing perpendicular transitions from and
     to a moving recording medium. The head structure comprises an auxiliary
     magnetic pole having a tapered edge adjacent its air bearing surface that
     is oriented transverse to the direction of motion of a recording medium. A
     magnetoresistive gradiometer employed as the read mechanism is formed
     within a layer of insulating material disposed on the auxiliary pole
     member. The gradiometer comprises two magnetoresistive members separated
     by dielectric material, and two shield members disposed on opposite sides
     of the magnetoresistive members. The shield members shield the
     magnetoresistive members from undesired magnetic fields and thus improve
     the resolution of the signals read from the medium. A coil is formed on
     and encapsulated within a layer of photoresist material deposited above
     the layer of insulating material. A primary magnetic pole is disposed on
     the layer of photoresist material and has a portion thereof which tapers
     toward the air bearing surface. The primary and auxiliary magnetic poles
     are adapted to write to the recording medium. A portion of the primary
     magnetic pole is spaced away from the auxiliary pole member at a location
     substantially opposite the location of the gradiometer, in order to
     minimize data erasure in the recording medium by increasing the reluctance
     of the head strcuture. This gap minimizes data erasure in the recording
     medium due to stray magnetic fields by enhancing the reluctance of the
     head structure. A layer of nonmagnetic insulating material is disposed on
     the primary magnetic pole to encapsulate it and complete the head
     structure. The geometry of the head structure minimizes its sensitivity to
     externally applied fields. The magnetoresistive gradiometer is positioned
     in the gap of the write head so that it experiences minimum fields caused
     by write coil excitation. Furthermore, the geometry of the gradiometer
     head shields results in better linear resolution than conventional head
     designs without shields."
"The performance of current, flow-based sequences for imaging vasculature
     using MR is severely restricted in regions with inherently slow flow. We
     address this problem with a flow-independent imaging method. Specifically,
     we generate projection images of blood in the limbs while suppressing
     signals from all other tissues (primarily skeletal muscle, bone marrow,
     and subcutaneous fat) using a flow-compensated, water-selective, short TI
     inversion recovery sequence with a long echo time. We experimentally
     evaluate the effectiveness of this sequence and present in vivo results
     clearly demonstrating the method's potential."
"A measuring circuit comprising a transducer, a comparator controlled by the
     transducer, a bandgap reference circuit with current compensation, a first
     current mirror, a second current mirror controlled by the comparator and
     bandgap reference to control the total current. The transducer is a
     magnetoresistive transducer."
"A thin film magnetic head and a method for making the thin film head by the
     use of electrical lapping guides includes the use of a resistive lapping
     guide that has a height dimension and an electrical resistance that
     optimizes the results of the comparison of the resistive lapping guide to
     a finished lapping guide. The resistive lapping guide is not lapped during
     the lapping process. The finished lapping guide is lapped and the
     resistive comparison between the two determines the stopping of the
     lapping process. An as-lapped guide which is of the same dimensions as the
     finished lapping guide after lapping can also be included. An interleaved
     magnetic head having alternating magneto-resistive read elements and
     inductive write elements can be precisely lapped by sensing the resistance
     of the lapping guide elements and using a formula to determine the final
     resistance of the finished lapping guide to halt the lapping process."
"A magnetoresistive sensor requires only two electrical connections to
     operate. The magnetoresistive sensor uses a hammerhead design and a barber
     pole array. Blocking capacitors are used to define two signal paths, one
     for a DC sense current, and one for an AC data signal. The blocking
     capacitors provide an electrical short to AC signals across wing regions
     of the magnetoresistive sensor. The blocking capacitors are fabricated
     directly upon a wafer which carries the magnetoresistive sensor."
"A method of simultaneous multinuclear magnetic resonance imaging and
     spatially localized NMR spectroscopy is disclosed. Clinical implementation
     of the disclosed method allows routine in vivo NMR spectroscopy studies
     without significantly increasing the time of conventional MR imaging
     studies. A unique sequence of rf excitation and magnetic gradient pulses
     is used which allows chemical shift imaging data to be acquired
     simultaneously with conventional imaging data. A deconvolution method
     extracts the chemical shift information for analysis and display."
"A method and circuitry for suppressing additive transient disturbances in
     an analog differential input signal, such disturbances being due, for
     example, to thermal asperity transients caused by an MR transducer
     contacting a moving storage surface. The input data signal is
     algebraically summed with a corrective feedback signal for providing as
     output signal. The output signal is fed back to a circuit including an
     envelope detector and differentiator and converted into another signal
     that is the derivative of an amplitude envelope corresponding to the
     output signal. Nonlinear signal-adaptive filter means converts said other
     signal into the corrective feedback signal, which substantially replicates
     the additive transient disturbance and is subtracted from the data input
     signal to render the output signal substantially free of the transient
     disturbance.
The input, output and corrective signals are preferably differential
     signals."
"A magnetic sensor comprising a rotatable magnetic disc provided on its
     circular surface with a circular magnet belt having N and S magnetic poles
     alternately at a constant pitch; and a sensor means comprising a support
     and at least one sensor element having a plurality of magnetoresistive
     portions fixed to one or both surfaces of the support, the
     magnetoresistive portions being connected to each other in series and
     arranged radially at a constant interval in a point-symmetric manner on
     the support. This magnetic sensor is assembled in a card reader in which
     the magnetic disc serves as a roller rotatable with a card."
"To suppress negative half-waves derived from a magneto armature and not
     used for ignition without use of external damping networks, the
     semiconductor switch controlling current flow, and abrupt turn-off to
     initiate an ignition event, is formed as a monolithic semiconductor
     element, and the inherent inverse diode of the monolithic element is
     utilized to pass the reverse voltage half-waves. To prevent damage to the
     inherent diodes due to over-voltage or current overloading, a damping
     resistance element is connected in series with the main current carrying
     path of the monolithic circuit elements, preferably a Darlington
     transistor, which, preferably, is a semiconductor resistor having a
     preferred current passage characteristic in the same direction as the
     current flow through the Darlington transistor, for example a Zener diode,
     a resistor, or a series of diodes polarized like the inverse diode,
     bridged by a diode conducting in the same direction as the Darlington
     transistor, or the like."
"An MRI system applies a phase encoding gradient field, a read-out gradient
     field, and an RF field to an object which is placed in a homogeneous
     static field in accordance with a predetermined pulse sequence so as to
     excite MR at a specific slice plane of the object, thereby detecting an MR
     signal from the object and visualizing the slice plane. The system
     includes a data acquiring section for acquiring all the data required for
     image reconstruction of the slice portion excited by the RF field within a
     time in which magnetization in the slice plane is relaxed, by switching
     the read-out gradient field to positive and negative polarities, an image
     reconstructing section for obtaining positive and negative time phase
     images which are respectively based on data acquired when the read
     gradient field is at positive time phases and data acquired when the read
     gradient field is at negative time phases by performing image
     reconstruction based on the respective data, a correcting section for
     correcting an image degradation factor for each time phase images, and an
     image synthesizing section for obtaining an MR image of the slice portion
     by synthesizing both time phase images corrected by the correcting
     section."
"A magnetic field sensor for an acceleration sensor including a cantilever
     beam having a free end to which a permanent magnet is attached. A pair of
     the magnetic sensors, each consisting of a barber-pole type
     magnetoresistive sensing element, are arranged opposite to and
     symmetrically. The cantilever is bent and the magnet is moved according to
     an acceleration, which is detected as outputs from the magnetoresistive
     sensing elements."
"A ceramic superconductive magneto-resistive element which has weak grain
     boundaries is highly sensitive to weak magnetic fields. The magnetic field
     is measured by the use of an electronic circuit. A comparator is used for
     comparing an output and reference voltage of the element. When there is a
     difference between the output and reference voltage bias current is used
     to equalize these voltages."
"The invention is directed to an arrangement for detecting a rotational
     angle of a rotating shaft by a sensor. The sensor includes a substrate and
     a detecting element which has a plurality of blocks of magnetoresistance
     element deposited on a planar surface of the substrate. The sensor also
     includes a magneto member which has a pair of magnetic poles facing each
     side end of the substrate respectively and providing a magnetic field
     covering at least the planar surface of the substrate. The sensor is so
     arranged that one of the detecting element and the magneto member is
     mounted on the rotating shaft, and the other is disposed at a certain
     position relative to the rotating shaft. Accordingly, the blocks of
     magnetoresistance element are disposed always in a uniform magnetic field,
     so that the rotational angle is detected accurately."
"An apparatus is disclosed for warning of the abnormality of an engine
     including a magneto generating an a.c. voltage and an ignition coil which
     includes a first signal generation section for generating a first signal
     including an electric quantity corresponding to the insulation resistance
     of lubricating oil, a temperature detecting section for producing
     temperature signal, a reference signal generation section for generating a
     reference signal in response to the temperature signal, an oil-shortage
     judging section for comparing the first signal and the reference signal to
     determine that the engine has a shortage of oil when the first signal is
     larger than the reference signal and generating a shortage signal, a
     control section for performing a short-circuit of a primary side of the
     ignition coil to produce a short-circuit current in response to the
     shortage signal and an oil-shortage display section for displaying the
     warning of the shortage of oil in response to the short-circuit current."
"An amplifier having an input stage with inverting and non-inverting input
     terminals, a voltage amplifier stage with relay terminals and being
     operatively connected to the input stage, a SEPP output stage with
     transistors and an output terminal, and a constant-current bias circuit
     between the relay terminals for absorbing current bypassing between the
     relay terminals. The transistors are connected to the output terminal via
     resistors. The constant-current bias circuit is free of being in direct
     connection with the output terminal. The amplifier is incorporated in
     place of an emitter follower in a compact disc player or laser video
     player and may be incorporated into a driver of a loudspeaker, a
     magneto-optical recording system or a magnetic disc system for mass
     storage."
"A magnetoresistive material includes discrete units of magnetostrictive
      mrial separated from one another by one or more gaps. In one class of
     embodiments, magnetostrictive particles are embedded in a phase-separated
     nonmagnetostrictive matrix. In one embodiment a magnetoresistive article
     is made by co-sputtering particles of a magnetrostrictive material and a
     quantity of a nonmagnetostrictive material onto an nonmagnetostrictive
     substrate. The magnetostrictive particles are spaced from one another by
     distances in the range of 10 to 100 angstroms. In another embodiment, a
     magnetoresistive article is made by employing relatively large
     magnetostrictive electrodes separated by a small gap on a
     nonmagnetostrictive substrate. Magnetic field sensors employing such
     articles are also provided."
"An encoder has a positive feedback means for feeding back a
     polarity-inverted output signal to a comparator or an MR sensor circuit
     thereby to stabilize output waveform duty ratio against deviation between
     the sensor circuit and comparator in source voltage."
"A logic device includes a ceramic superconducting element having
     magneto-resistive characteristics, and three electrodes provided adjacent
     the ceramic superconducting element, and constructed in such a manner that
     a current is applied to one of the three electrode so that a magnetic
     field greater than a threshold magnetic field is normally applied to the
     ceramic superconducting element, and the other electrodes are used for
     increasing and decreasing the magnetic field. A memory device includes a
     superconducting loop at least one portion thereof being formed by a
     ceramic superconducting element having grain boundaries, and an electrode
     provided in approximation to said ceramic superconducting element, whereby
     a current flowing through a portion of said superconducting loop which is
     other than said ceramic superconducting element can be captured in said
     superconducting loop by a control of a magnetic field generated by the
     current flowing through said electrode."
"An magnetic encoder includes a multipolar magnetic body having a row of
     alternate North and South poles of equal widths, and a magnetoresistive
     element diposed in confrontation to the multipolar magnetic body. The
     magnetoresistive element includes at least one A phase magnetoresistive
     element member and at least one B phase magnetoresisitve element disposed
     in juxtaposition over
     ##EQU1##
     where n is an integer greater than or equal to 1, and .lambda. is a width
     of each individual pole of the multiplar magnetic body. Each of the A
     phase magnetoresistive element members and the B phase magnetoresistive
     element member has a group of series connected linear conductors arranged
     side-by-side into a comb-like shape. The A phase magnetoresistive element
     member extends over
     ##EQU2##
     and the B phase magnetoresistive element member is out of phase with the A
     phase magnetoresistive element member by
     ##EQU3##"
"A magnetic encoder comprises a sensor having a plurality of
     magnetoresistive (MR) elements placed in juxtaposed position relative to a
     magnetic recording medium upon which data signals are recorded employing a
     recording pitch, A. Output signals produced by the MR elements connected
     in a plurality of bridge circuits are formed by relative movement between
     the MR elements and the magnetic recording medium. The MR elements are
     positioned at A/n intervals, wherein n is an integer and n.gtoreq.8. A
     multiplier circuit is connected to receive the output signals from the MR
     element bridge circuits and provide a plurality of phase shifted output
     signals corresponding to a A/N pitch interval of recording pitch, A,
     wherein N is an integer and N.gtoreq.2."
"A magnetoresistive head including a magnetoresistive element in which the
     magnetoresistive head has a specifically determined gap length and/or the
     magnetoresistive element has a specifically determined magnetostriction
     constant to thereby define a reproduction output vs. operation current
     characteristic curve of the head. The above-mentioned gap length and/or
     magnetostriction constant is determined such that a saturation operation
     current for which a reproduction output of the head is maximum is higher
     than an operation current with which the head is operative."
"A circuit for producing a signal whose magnitude is a chosen amplitude
     compensation characteristic of the signals produced by a magnetoresistive
     (MR) element comprising an input stage which produces an amplified output
     signal which is coupled to the output stage, and control signals
     proportional to the resistance of the MR element and inversely
     proportional to the resistance of the MR element which are coupled to a
     feedforward circuit. The feedforward circuit generates a chosen amplitude
     equalization characteristic of the signals coupled to the feedforward
     circuit, and this signal is coupled to a bias terminal of the output stage
     so that the output stage produces a signal representing the chosen
     amplitude compensation characteristic of the signals produced by the MR
     element."
"A a dual element magnetoresistive sensor that uses the longitudinal field
     produced by the sense/bias currents to initialize the elements into a
     stable antiparallel state. The dual element magnetoresistive sensor
     comprises two magnetoresistive elements having first and second conductors
     coupled thereto. The first and second conductors are oriented in the same
     direction as the magnetoresistive elements in their contact areas. A third
     conductor is disposed between and coupled to the two magnetoresistive
     elements at their opposite ends. The third conductor is oriented
     transverse to the directions of the first and second sensor elements, and
     is adapted to conduct current therethrough in a direction transverse to
     the currents conducted by the first and second conductors. Currents
     conducted by all three conductors self-initialize the magnetoresistive
     elements into a single domain state. Also, the current flowing in the
     third conductor creates an anti-parallel longitudinal field in the two
     sensor elements that is oriented in the same direction as closure fields
     present in the magnetoresistive elements. These fields ensure that a
     single domain state is produced in the magnetoresistive elements. An
     alternative design for the third conductor employs one conductor portion
     that provides a current distribution that initializes the sensor. This
     current distribution initializes the sensor. Another conductor portion is
     used during reading and provides a current distribution that is similar to
     the distribution produced by the first and second conductors. This ensures
     that the across-the-track response is symmetric. A small fraction of the
     sense current flows in the initializing conductor portion to provide
     stabilization during reading."
"A yoke type thin-film magneto-resistive heat includes a magneto-resistive
     element that detects the magnetic field generated in the magnetic
     recording medium as resistance changes, a yoke, that leads magnetic flux
     from the head gap to the above mentioned magneto-resistive element, a DC
     magnetic field application system, that applies a desirable weak magnetic
     field to the above mentioned longitudinal direction of the
     magneto-resistive element, and a conductor, that applies a desirable bias
     magnetic field to the above mentioned magneto-resistive element in the
     strip width direction. The easy axis of magnetization of the
     magneto-resistive element is inclined in a range of 20.degree.-40.degree.
     to the mentioned longitudinal direction of the magneto-resistive element,
     so that, anisotropic angle dispersion conditions are relaxed, at the same
     time, by applying a desirable bias magnetic field to the magneto-resistive
     element in the strip width direction. Also, by shifting the operating
     point to a point having excellent linearity, Barkhausen noise, caused by
     magnetization switching generated in the magnetic field area with the same
     direction as the bias magnetic field direction, can be suppressed, and the
     reproducing output signal can be of high fidelity."
"A transducer arrangement comprising a magnetoresistive transducer including
     a magnetoresistive element responsive to magnetic flux passing
     therethrough in a predetermined direction to change its electrical
     resistance as a function of the intensity of the magnetic flux in the
     predetermined direction and a magnet to provide said magnetic flux. The
     transducer can include a permanent magnet having a planar surface with a
     magnetoresistive element offset from the axis of the magnet and optionally
     at an angle to the planar surface. The transducer can also include a
     concave surfaced magnet with the magnetoresistive element at an acute
     angle to the parallel flux lines emanating from the concave surface. As a
     further embodiment, the magnetoresistive element can be tilted on the
     magnet surface in two directions to provide a bias field and calibration.
     As a third embodiment, a high permeability pole piece can be positioned on
     the magnet surface between the magnet and the magnetoresistive element to
     minimize field variation due to nonuniformities in the magnet. There is
     also provided a module including an aluminum bracket mountable at the fore
     portion thereof and containing a magnetoresistive transducer circuit at
     the aft portion thereof, the circuit being coupled to a semiconductor
     circuit disposed at the center of the bracket. An epoxy resin encases the
     transducer circuit and semiconductor circuit as well as an optional cable
     or electrical connector at the fore portion of the bracket."
"The rear road wheels of a four-wheel steering motor vehicle are controlled
     so that a steer angle ratio of a rear wheel steer angle to a front wheel
     steer angle is variably controlled depending on the lateral acceleration.
     The steer angle ratio is selected so as to be in a range defined by:
f1(yo)-g(yo) .multidot.f2(yo).gtoreq.0
where
f1(yo)=Cfo/mf;
f2(yo)=Cro/mr;
Cfo, Cro are equivalent cornering powers of the tires of the front and rear
     road wheels while the motor vehicle is making a steady-state turn; and
mf, mr are equivalent masses at the front and rear axles of the motor
     vehicle."
"An apparatus for magnetically detecting a positional relation between first
     and second members the positions of which change relative to each other
     comprises a magnetic recording medium carried on the first member and a
     magnetic sensor substrate supported by the second member. Two or more
     tracks each including a multiplicity of magnetic poles arranged at a
     predetermined pitch are provided on the magnetic recording medium,
     corresponding to the respective phases of two or more detection signals to
     be detected by the apparatus and in a direction in which the positional
     relation between the first and second members changes. The magnetic poles
     in any one of the tracks are shifted with respect to the magnetic poles in
     the other track by an amount corresponding to a phase difference between
     the detection signal for the phase which corresponds to the one track and
     the detection signal for the phase which corresponds to the other track.
     The magnetic sensor substrate includes a plurality of magnetoresistive
     elements which are respectively provided corresponding to the tracks and
     the electrical resistance value of each of which changes in response to a
     magnetic field originating from the corresponding track. The
     magnetoresistive elements are combined to generate electric signals as the
     detection signals. Each of the magnetoresistive elements corresponding to
     any one of the tracks and the corresponding one of the magnetoresistive
     elements corresponding to the other track are placed at the same position
     when viewed in the direction in which the positional relation between the
     first and second members changes."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer having passive end regions
     separated by a central active region in which an MR layer is formed which
     extends over substantially only the central active region and in which a
     hard magnetic layer is formed in each end region. The hard magnetic layers
     form an abutting junction having electrical and magnetic continuity with
     the MR layer to produce a longitudinal bias in the MR sensor. The
     transducer is produced by a method in which the same stencil defines the
     extent of both the MR layer and the hard magnetic layers so that the
     abutting junctions are formed easily and reliably."
"An improved thin film magnetoresistive (MR) sensor uses an alloy comprising
     Fe.sub.(1-x) Mn.sub.x, where x is within the range of 0.3 to 0.4, as an
     antiferromagnetic layer to provide longitudinal exchange bias in the
     ferromagnetic MR layer. In a specific embodiment the exchange bias is at a
     high level and is independent of thickness of the antiferromagnetic layer
     over a wide range."
"A superconductive magneto-resistive device is made up of superconductive
     materials having grain boundaries which act as weak couplings. The
     superconductive material will change from the superconductive state to the
     normal state when a magnetic field is applied to the material. The
     superconductive material can be used in various devices for measuring."
"In a magnetoresistive magnetic head which has a permalloy film as the
     magnetoresistive film and also has a shunt film for applying a transverse
     biasing magnetic field, an Nb film having an electrical resistivity of not
     more than 30 .mu..OMEGA.cm is formed as the shunt film by the
     electron-beam evaporation method to increase the heat resistance of the
     magnetoresistive element, thus making it possible to increase the
     temperature at which the magnetic head is manufactured."
"A process for preparing high sensitivity indium antimonide film
     magnetoresistance element. A silicon single crystal wafer is treated with
     oxidative diffusion to form a layer of silicon oxide on the surface of the
     silicon single crystal, a layer of indium antimonide is grown on the
     substrate by vapor deposition, and the indium antimonide layer is then
     subjected to a specific annealing treatment in which the indium antimonide
     layer is partially oxidized and then re-crystallized. The resultant
     magnetoresistance element possessing improved sensitivity, stability and
     suitable for large scale production is obtained."
"The invention provides novel therapeutic usages of inhibitors of a
     potassium channel of the cells. Since the increase of the intracellular
     calcium concentration is known to trigger various reactions which destroy
     the cells, the prevention of calcium entry by calcium channel blockers are
     known to be beneficial in protecting cell membranes in ischemic and
     traumatic injuries. However, the importance of potassium ions in cell
     injuries has not been well recognized. Using charybdotoxin (which is not a
     calcium channel blocker, but is a potassium channel blocker), the inventor
     found that this compound as well as related compounds have protecting
     effects in brain is chemia, liver ischemia and spinal cord injury at an
     extremely low concentration (0.05-0.14 mg/kg body weight). In in vitro
     experiments, these compounds inhibited the irreversible denaturation of
     sickle red cell membranes caused by sickling-unsickling stress at an
     extremely low concentration (2.times.10.sup.-8 M).
In an attempt to prepare a polypeptide molecule from charybdotoxin, the
     inventor digested charybdotoxin with an enzyme, fractionated by a size
     extrusion column chromatography, and obtained a polypeptide with the
     molecular weight of approximately 3,000. This new compound was named
     MR-117 for an identification purpose. It was demonstrated that MR-117 had
     protective effects on various organs and on sickle cells."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer comprising an MR layer having
     passive end regions separated by a central active region. A longitudinal
     bias is produced by a thin film of hard magnetic material in the end
     regions only, and the thin film of hard magnetic material is spaced from
     the MR layer by a nonmagnetic spacer layer so that a magnetostatic
     longitudinal bias is produced of a level to maintain the passive end
     regions of the MR layer in a stable state."
"According to this invention, a device for detecting magnetism comprises; a
     substrate, an interposed insulating layer containing impurities therein,
     formed on the substrate, and a ferromagnetic magnetoresistive element
     formed on the interposed layer, wherein at least a portion of the
     interposed layer on which the ferromagnetic magnetoresistive element is
     formed has a concentration of impurities of less than a predetermined
     value. Further, in the device of this invention, the surface of the layer
     interposed between the substrate and the ferromagnetic magnetoresistive
     element has a surface roughness of less than 120 and an angle between a
     contacting surface of a conductive wiring and the ferromagnetic
     magnetoresistive element and the surface of the interposed layer is less
     than 78 degrees. Therefore, a device wherein a deterioration of the
     quality film of the ferromagnetic magnetoresistive element can be avoided
     and a reduction of the ratio of the resistance variation of the
     ferromagnetic magnetoresistive element can be maintained at less than 10%
     can be obtained, and further, a device wherein the generation of noise can
     be effectively suppressed so that the device is highly sensitive to
     magnetism and has a high S/N ratio, and further, the breakdown ratio
     caused by wiring breakages is effectively reduced, can be obtained."
"MR imaging method and apparatus are disclosed in which one image is
     displayed such that a high-resolution image of a partial region obtained
     by measurement according to a low-speed sequence is inserted into a
     low-resolution whole image obtained by measurement according to a
     high-speed sequence."
"A soft film biased magnetoresistive sensor (10) is fabricated to have
     reduced Barkhausen noise. The magnetic ratio of the film layers (14 and
     18) is controlled to be in the range of 1.7 to 1.95 and the optimum bias
     point is controlled to be in the range of 35 and 41 degrees."
"Disclosed is a small-sized magnetoresistance element array having a
     plurality of arranged magnetoresistance elements and provided with
     excellent operating efficiency which facilitates connection of each
     magnetoresistance element by virtue of comb terminals and U-shaped
     terminals provided on the inner walls of the stem. In the
     magnetoresistance element array, the magnet detectors are positioned at
     the right three-dimensional position, thereby preventing crosstalk or
     deviation in the reading timing at the time of reading a magnetic code.
     Guides are provided on the top walls of the stem so as to regulate the
     position at which the magnetic detector is secured to the top portion of
     the magnet.
The magnetoresistance element array is used for a magnetic sensor for
     reading information recorded as a magnetic code from a magnetic code
     recorded medium such as a magnetic card."
"A magnetoresistive head structure that incorporates a thin film
     magnetoresistive transducer that is suitable for use in perpendicular and
     longitudinal recording heads. This structure includes first and second
     dielectrically separated magnetoresistive members that have noncontacting
     first ends. Sense conductors are disposed in contact with the first ends
     of the magnetoresistive members and are adapted to provide sense currents
     thereto. A bias current conductor arrangement is disposed adjacent to the
     magnetoresistive members and is separated therefrom by dielectric and is
     adapted to provide bias current thereto. A common conductor is disposed in
     contact with the second ends of the magnetoresistive members and is
     adapted to short the second ends thereof and provide a return path for the
     sense and bias currents. In one embodiment, the bias conductor arrangement
     passes between the magnetoresistive members and thus provides for
     longitudinal transition detection. In another embodiment, the bias
     conductor arrangement passes adjacent one side of the first
     magnetoresistive member and returns on the other side of the two
     magnetoresistive elements and thus provides for perpendicular transition
     detection. Additionally, a plurality of nonmagnetic shield members may be
     provided adjacent the magnetoresistive members to magnetically shield them
     from extraneous magnetic fields and improve resolution. Differential
     amplification means may also be provided for processing voltages sensed
     across the magnetoresistive members."
"The invention teaches modifying the shape of a bar magnet which is
     uniformly magnetized either in the direction of its height or width to
     increase the volume of magnetic material at each end of the magnet. This
     results in increased magnetic field contribution from the magnet ends
     which modifies the field direction at the magnet faces so that the field
     lines converge rather than diverge just as they enter and leave the
     central portion of the magnet. Further along the field direction, the
     field lines change from being convergent to again being divergent, as is
     the usual case for a conventional bar magnet. Because of this transition
     there is an extended region over which the field lines are effectively
     straight and parallel, i.e. the field is uniform. This uniformity has been
     attained without increasing the length of the magnet, and a bar magnet so
     modified according to the teaching of the invention is suitable for the
     uniform biasing of MR elements in a single track or in a multitrack head."
"There is disclosed a magnetic recording medium comprising a non-magnetic
     substrate and a magnetic membrane composed of Co and oxygen formed
     thereon, which is characterized in that the saturated magnetic flux
     density of said magnetic layer is in the range of 8,400 G to 12,600 G, the
     oxygen content of said layer is in the range of 11 to 29 at %, and the
     residual magnetization in the in-plane direction of the membrane surface,
     Mr , and the residual magnetization in the perpendicular direction to the
     membrane surface Mr.perp., have a relation satisfying Mr /Mr.perp.&gt;1 and
     the C-axis of Co of the magnetic membrane is oriented in a perpendicular
     direction to the membrane surface."
"A magnetoresistive sensor that includes a very thin film of monocrystalline
     semiconductive material, having at least a moderate carrier mobility and
     no greater than a moderate carrier density. The device includes means for
     inducing or enhancing an accumulation layer adjacent the film outer
     surface. With film thicknesses below 5 micrometers, preferably below 3
     micrometers, the presence of the accumulation layer can have a very
     noticeable effect. The unexpected improvement provides a significant
     apparent increase in mobility and conductivity of the semiconductive
     material, and an actual increase in magnetic sensitivity and temperature
     insensitivity. A method for making the sensor is also described."
"A device including at least one magnetoresistor for sensing the position of
     a ferromagnetic part which moves past the magnetoresistor. The
     magnetoresistor is influenced by a permanent magnet which is mounted near
     the magnetoresistor in a housing which contains the magnetoresistor. The
     device is useful as a position, direction, or speed sensor."
"A previously disclosed ""C"" shaped thin film deposited permanent magnetic
     structure of essentially symmetrical form is designed to provide a planar
     region of transverse field with little or no longitudinal field component.
     Practice of the present invention teaches asymmetrically modifying the ""C""
     shaped magnet to restore a small controlled amount of unidirectional
     longitudinal field component. The symmetry is broken by either angling the
     direction of magnetization of the magnet relative to the symmetric
     geometric form of the structure, or by angling the direction of the
     magnetization and also changing the geometric shape of the magnet from a
     ""C"" shape to an ""L"" shape.
The resultant field distribution of the deposited asymmetrical magnetic
     structure produces a magnetic field of sufficient strength for biasing the
     hard axis of a coplanarly deposited MR element with an additional
     relatively smaller magnitude unidirectional easy axis field for
     longitudinally biasing it.
The hard axis bias field magnitude decreases across the width of the
     magnetoresistive element. Thus, as the head wears and the magnetoresistive
     element resultantly decreases in width, the average hard axis field across
     the element increases in magnitude, automatically compensating for the
     increasing demagnetization fields in the magnetoresistive element."
"An acceleration sensor including a cantilever beam having a free end to
     which a permanent magnet is attached. A pair of magnetic sensors, each
     comprising a barber-pole type magnetoresistive sensing element, is
     arranged in symmetrically spaced and opposed relationship and in a common
     plane extending parallel to the magnetic flux of the permanent magnet with
     respect to respective, opposite sides of the magnet. The cantilever is
     bent and the magnet is moved accordingly in response to an acceleration
     force, which is detected as outputs from the magnetoresistive sensing
     elements."
"An elongated magnetoresistive sensor strip longitudinally biased to
     maintain a single domain sense region by exchange-biasing material
     atomically coupled to the strip at the ends of the strip outside of a
     central sense region. The magnetoresistive sense strip is included in a
     magnetic head which has a leading pole, a trailing pole, and a shield. A
     first gap is located between the leading pole and the trailing pole and a
     second gap is located between the trailing pole and the shield with the
     sense strip located in the second gap."
"A thin film magnetic head has a layer of soft magnetic material formed on a
     substrate. The layer is formed into two yoke pieces and a magnetic return
     path, which form a gap at ends of the yoke pieces. The opposite ends of
     the yoke pieces are joined to the magnetic return path by overlaying
     magneto-resistive pieces to which an electrical bias is applied."
"A spool of a valve main body is switched and driven by exciting a solenoid
     coil by supplying a DC or AC voltage. An intensity of the magnetism
     generated by the excitation of the solenoid coil is detected by a magnetic
     sensor. When a predetermined sensor output is obtained, an indicator lamp
     is lit to indicate that the spool has operated correctly. The intensity of
     the magnetism due to the DC excitation is detected by magnetoresistive
     devices. The intensity of magnetism due to the AC excitation is detected
     by a pickup coil or a current transformer."
"A magnetic, solid state memory cell or sensor includes a magnetoresistive,
     ferromagnetic layer and a resistive layer overlying the magnetoresistive
     layer. The resistivity and dimensions of the resistive layer are such
     that, preferably, only a small fraction of any sense current flowing
     through the cell or sensor will flow between input and output contacts by
     way of the resistive layer, yet the magnitude of the sense current will
     not be reduced below a desired signal level due to the presence of the
     resistive layer. The resistive layer is comprised of a material which will
     not diffuse into the magnetoresistive layer. A compound or mixture of a
     metal and either nitrogen or oxygen, such as tantalum and nitrogen, is
     perferred as the resistive layer. It is also preferred that the resistive
     layer be nonmagnetic."
"An MR imaging method comprising detecting resonant signals from a portion
     including blood vessels by the three-dimensional imaging incorporating
     depthwise information, and performing subtraction, with respect to the
     signal data in each voxel in the complex number representation, between
     the image data obtained by adding the complex numbers in the projection
     direction and the image data obtained by adding the absolute values of the
     complex numbers in the projection direction, to extract the image of only
     the blood vessel."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer comprising a thin film MR layer
     formed of ferromagnetic material and a nonmagnetic thin film spacer layer
     in contact with the MR layer. The spacer layer comprises a material
     selected from the group consisting of nichrome and nichrome with chromium
     oxide. A thin film of soft magnetic material is deposited in contact with
     the spacer layer so that a transverse bias is produced in at least a part
     of the MR layer. A feature of the invention is that the resistivity of the
     spacer layer can be chosen by selecting the ratio of nichrome to chromium
     oxide in the spacer layer. In a specific embodiment the spacer layer
     extends over only the central region of the MR layer. In case the MR layer
     is a nickel based alloy, a wet chemical etching process using an etchant
     comprising an aqueous solution of ceric ammonium nitrate and acetic acid
     can be used to pattern the spacer layer."
"A process for the batch fabrication of an array of shielded
     magnetoresistive (MR) read transducers comprising the steps of depositing
     a full film over the entire substrate of a first magnetic shield layer, a
     first non-magnetic gap layer and sputter depositing a layer of MR sensor
     material in the presence of a magnetic field for orienting the anisotropy
     axes of the layers of MR sensor material in a chosen direction. The MR
     sensor layer and the first gap layer are permitted to produce a plurality
     of MR read transducers, and the first magnetic shield layer is then
     patterned to produce a first shield for each of the MR read transducers. A
     second gap layer and a second shield layer are patterned to produce a
     second shield for each of the MR read transducers."
"For increased sensitivity, an improved position sensor includes a magnetic
     circuit in which the stationary portion includes a permanent magnet whose
     width is optimally 1.5 times the tooth pitch of the exciter portion of the
     sensor and the magnet face proximate the exciter includes a thin layer of
     ferromagnetic material over which is centered a narrow magnetic sensing
     element, such as a magnetoresistor. The sensing element has a width
     typically less than the tooth width. The sensing element includes a thin
     film of a monocrystalline semiconductive material, preferably having only
     a moderate bulk mobility and a larger band gap, such as indium arsenide.
     Current carriers flow along the length of the thin film in a surface
     accumulation layer, effective to provide a significant apparent increase
     in mobility and conductivity of said semiconductive material, and an
     actual increase in magnetic sensitivity and temperature insensitivity. The
     flux density is typically applied by appropriate magnet thickness or
     choice of magnet material without the need of a flux guide."
"A current detecting device comprises a substrate, a magnetism sensing
     member made of ferromagnetic magnetoresistance element, an insulating
     member, and a conducting member, and these members are formed by a
     photolithography technique such that the magnetism sensing member is
     electrically isolated from the conducting member by the insulating member.
     When a current flows into the conducting member, the magnetism sensing
     member responds to a magnetic field generated by the current. At this
     time, the resistance of the magnetism sensing member changes due to a
     magnetoresistance effect in accordance with the intensity of the current.
     Therefore, the current can be measured by detecting the resistance change.
     In such a current detecting device, there is no reactance component
     thereby achieving high sensitivity when detecting the current."
"In a MR head of the non-shunt bias type, one or more extremely thin
     coatings of a sacrificial conductive material are applied on the
     magnetoresistive strip, each such coating being so thin that it has
     extremely high sheet resistance in comparison to the sheet resistance of
     the MR strip. Because the sacrificial coating(s) is (are) in direct
     contact with the MR strip, the requirement for electrical conductivity
     between the coating(s) and the MR strip is (are) met; and because the
     sacrificial coating(s) is (are) of high resistivity, very little sense
     current is sapped away from the MR strip by the sacrificial coating(s),
     with attendantly very little decrease in the sensitivity of the head. By
     sandwiching the MR strip between equi-thick sacrificial coatings, whatever
     leakage currents flow through the high resistivity sacrificial coatings
     are productive of equal and opposite biasing effects vis-a-vis the MR
     strip, i.e. the sacrificial coatings produce no net bias field and are
     magnetically transparent to the MR strip."
"A magnetoresistive head is fabricated on a ferrite substrate which is both
     the mechanical support for the head assembly and a soft adjacent layer for
     biasing the magnetoresistive element of the head. Easy axis bias is
     supplied by a fixed magnet located in the head coverplate, and the
     substrate opposite the magnet is recessed and filled with a non-magnetic
     material to prevent distortion of the fixed magnet field by the ferrite
     substance."
"A magnetoresistive sensor that includes a thin film of nominally undoped
     monocrystalline indium arsenide. An indium arsenide film is described that
     appears to have a naturally occurring accumulation layer adjacent its
     outer surface. With film thickneses below 5 micrometers, preferably below
     3 micrometers, the presence of the accumulation layer can have a very
     noticeable effect. A method for making the sensor is also described. The
     unexpected improvement provides a significant apparent increase in
     mobility and conductivity of the indium arsenide, and an actual increase
     in magnetic sensitivity and temperature insensitivity."
"A probehead of an MR apparatus according to this invention includes
     transmitting and receiving coil elements for transmitting an RF field and
     receiving an MR signal based on an MR phenomenon induced in an object to
     be examined, respectively, and switching units for controlling decoupling
     of the transmitting and receiving coil elements. At least the switching
     unit provided for the transmitting coil element includes a plurality of
     PIN diodes connected in parallel with each other, and reactance elements
     connected in series with the plurality of PIN diodes and having reactance
     components, absolute values of which are sufficiently larger than
     resistance components of the PIN diodes in an on-state."
"For increased sensitivity a position sensor includes a magnetic circuit in
     which the stationary portion includes a permanent magnet whose width is
     optimally 1.5 times the tooth pitch of the exciter portion of the sensor
     and the magnet face proximate the exciter includes a thin layer of
     ferromagnetic material over which is centered a narrow magnetic sensing
     element, such as a magnetoresistor. The sensing element has a width
     typically less than the tooth width which is between 0.17 and 0.37 the
     tooth pitch. The needed flux density is typically available simply by
     appropriate magnet thickness or choice of magnet material without the need
     of a flux guide."
"A noncontacting automotive steering angle sensor involving the application
     of a two element magnetoresistive sensor to an otherwise conventional rack
     and pinion steering system. The rack is directly coupled to the steerable
     wheels, and the sensor is integrally mounted in a spring-loaded rack
     contacting mechanism (contact shoe) used to maintain a meshing engagement
     between the pinion and the rack. A variable permeability surface is formed
     on the surface of the rack along the travel path of the sensor such that
     axial movement of the rack differentially varies the magnetic flux density
     detected by each element of the sensor. A detector circuit comprising a
     bridge or simple voltage divider responsive to the differential
     resistances of the sensor elements develops an electrical signal
     indicative of the rack position."
"A method of making a current sensor device is disclosed wherein a sensor,
     having a magnetoresistive element configured into a bridge, an insulating
     substrate and a conductive member are sub-assembled and then the
     sub-assembly is heated to bond the components together. The bridge is
     attached to a first substrate having a first layer of insulation with
     first vias therein in which are deposited first elements of solder
     projecting beyond the first layer of insulation. Second elements of (e.g.)
     solder are deposited in second vias in a second layer of insulation on the
     second substrate. When the components are sub-assembled, the first
     elements rest on the second elements to provide a clearance between the
     first and second layers of insulation. Heat is applied to the sub-assembly
     in a controlled manner so that the (solder) elements melt sufficiently to
     cause a degree of self-alignment between the bridge and the conductive
     member and to cause the bridge to be disposed at a predetermined distance
     above the conductive member."
"A magnetic head includes a magnetoresistance element having the form of a
     loop and provided with a gap at a first portion opposite to a second
     portion confronting a magnetic recording medium, a coil conductor formed
     around the first portion of the magnetoresistance element for applying a
     bias magnetic field to the second portion of the magnetoresistance element
     in the direction of width of a track on the magnetic recording medium, and
     a lead conductor attached to the magnetoresistance element to cause a
     current which is necessary for detecting a signal recorded on the magnetic
     recording medium, to flow through the second portion of the
     magnetoresistance element, and formed together with the coil conductor as
     one body so that a part of a current supplied to the lead conductor flows
     through the coil conductor."
"A tachometer sensor adapted for measuring the rotation of a gear or spline
     shaft target within a high pressure environment includes an integrally
     formed housing having a generally tubular elongate probe defining a sealed
     interior cavity receiving an annular permanent magnet at the sensing end
     thereof, field focusing means such as a ferrous pin disposed
     concentrically with the permanent magnet to shape the field established
     thereby, at least one magnetoresistive transducer concentrically disposed
     with the magnet to detect distortions of the magnetic field effected by
     passage of the target and means in-circuit with the transducer which
     generates a usable output signals as a function of sensed magnet field
     distortion."
"A method for generating synthesized cross-sectional images perpendicular to
     a line or curve that approximates the shape of a structure scanned by a
     non-intrusive cross-sectional image generating device, such as a CT, MR,
     or ultrasonic scanner. The inventive method involves three basic
     processes: generation of a set of perpendicular lines along an initial
     curve that approximates the curvature of the scanned structure; selection
     from each original scanned image of pixels corresponding to discrete
     points on each of the generated perpendicular lines; and interpolation
     between adjacent lines of pixels collected in the second step to generate
     a complete perpendicular cross-sectional image. The invention permits
     making a single pass through all axial image data, during which selected
     pixels for a perpendicular cross-sectional view are collected in a
     temporary data file for subsequent interpolation for display purposes."
"The method for making a shielded magnetoresistive (MR) sensor in which the
     first shield is made of sendust and the second shield is made of
     permalloy. The method comprises the stages of depositing a layer of
     sendust to form a first shield; heat treating the sendust layer at a
     temperature greater than 400.degree. C.; depositing a first electrically
     insulating layer; depositing, in the presence of a magnetic field, a MR
     layer; depositing a second layer of electrically insulating material; and,
     depositing a layer of permalloy to form the second shield."
"An apparatus is provided for measuring the test current in magnetoelectric
     fault detection, for instance by the magnetic particle method. A sensor
     comprising a Hall generator or a magnetoresistor is movably mounted on a
     diamagnetic support which clamps the sensor at a variable distance from a
     conductor carrying the test current. Alternatively, a plurality of sensors
     can be fixed to the support and the appropriate sensor selected for use."
"A lapping control system for a row of thin film magnetic transducers formed
     on a substrate. Each of the magnetic transducers comprises a
     magnetoresistive (MR) element, and the row is supported on a holder which
     has an elongated H-shaped slot near one edge to form a beam member upon
     which the row is mounted. The beam member is capable of being deflected in
     a substantially quadratic curvature when subjected to pressure from a
     pressure transducer at the middle of the beam member. The resistance of
     each of the MR elements is measured during lapping, and a control signal
     is generated to control the pressure transducers to control lapping with
     proper BALANCE and BOW and to terminate lapping when the desired MR
     element height is reached."
"A magnetoresistive sensor having spaced electrically conductive lead
     structures comprising a thin film of tungsten having a thin film
     overlayer, or, alternatively a thin film underlayer and a thin film
     overlayer, with both the thin film underlayer and the thin film overlayer
     formed of a material taken from the groups consisting of Ti, Ta, Cr, Zr,
     Hf, and TiW."
"A method and circuitry are disclosed for suppressing additive transient
     disturbances in a data channel; e.g., due to thermal transients caused by
     an MR transducer contacting moving a storage surface. Positive and
     negative envelope detectors each have their inputs connected to the
     channel, and provide respective outputs which are summed and contain an
     envelope component and a residue component. A buffer interconnects the
     detectors to allow both detectors to follow rapid positive excursions of
     the data channel signal. A nonlinear signal-adaptive filter is connected
     to the summed output to further reduce the residue component. The data
     channel signal (or preferably the output from a delay means connected to
     the channel) is summed with the output from the filter. The relative
     amplitudes of these two outputs is set such that the resulting summed
     output signal is free of additive disturbances."
"The present invention is a shaft position sensor for detection of the
     position of a multiturn shaft. The rotation of the multiturn shaft is
     converted into a linear motion via a multiturn screw and two axially
     spaced non-rotating nuts which are oppositely continuously axially biased
     by intermediate compressed springs. A magnet is mounted on one of the
     nonrotating nuts. The linear movement of the magnet is converted into an
     electrical signal using a magneto resistive structure. A pair of flux
     plates is disposed on either side of the linear path of the magnet with a
     narrow gap opposite one end of the linear path of the magnet. The magneto
     resistive structure is disposed in the narrow gap. An electrical circuit
     measures the resistance of the magneto resistive structure, this
     resistance varying with magnetic flux, and generates an electrical
     position signal which indicates the rotary position of the multiturn
     shaft. Linearity in response can be provided by a flux shunt which blocks
     magnetic flux directly from the magnet, control of the distance of the
     flux plates from the linear path of the magnet."
"Thin-film magnetic head including a magnetoresistive element (1) and a face
     (9) for magnetically coupling the element with a magnetic recording
     medium. A magnetic yoke constituted by three layers (3, 5, 7) of a
     magnetically permeable material has a gap (13) which is bridged by the
     magnetoresistive element. A layer (15) of a superconducting material for
     improving the efficiency of the magnetic head is provided between the
     layers (3) and (5) and the element (1) on the one hand and the layer (7)
     on the other hand. For protection from external disturbing magnetic fields
     and reduction of stray flux a layer (43A, 43B, respectively) of a
     superconducting material is provided on the layers (3) and (5) and under
     the layer (7)."
"A magneto-resistive type read head has a substrate, a magnetic film
     exhibiting a magneto-resistive effect arranged in the widthwise direction
     of the track of a magnetic writing disk, and lead electrodes for feeding
     an electric current to the track width portion of the magnetic film for
     reading the signals written in the magnetic writing disk. The
     magneto-resistive film extends over a width wider than the track width
     portion and a soft magnetic thin film is formed over the magneto-resistive
     film on either side of the track width portion to absorb the domain wall
     so that the magneto-resistive film takes the single domain structure."
"The head includes a read pole disposed between a pair of write poles spaced
     apart to form a gap therebetween. The read pole conducts flux to a flux
     sensor that is located away from the gap. The head can be utilized for
     both longitudinal and perpendicular recording and the readback function
     can be carried out by an inductive coil or flux sensing devices such as a
     Hall sensor or an MR sensor. The recording head achieves high readback
     resolution, high write field gradients, and the capability for write
     wide-read narrow. The read pole and write poles are laminated structures."
"A sensor for automotive vehicles with electronic control of the driving and
     braking behavior and/or of vibration damping in dependence on the
     rotational wheel speed and on the vertical acceleration of the vehicle,
     the sensor designed as a dual-function or multiple-function sensor by
     combining and structurally uniting an inductive or magnetoresistive
     transducer for monitoring rotational wheel velocity and a vertical
     acceleration sensor system for monitoring vertical vehicle body motion
     and, if applicable, other sensors. The measured signals are led from the
     sensor to signal processing circuitry via common output signal line."
"An MR imaging method and apparatus especially adapted for invivo cardiac MR
     imaging, rejects data acquired during periods of arrhythmia while
     maintaining the magnetic fields and pulsing of the RF coils during such
     periods. Data acquisition is resumed after M cycles of regular period, and
     after remeasuring the data acquired during N cycles prior to the
     occurrence of the arrhythmia, where M and N are integers preferably from 1
     to 5. The average timing can periodically be recalculated in order to
     compensate for slow changes in cardiac rate."
"The conversation device of an MR imaging apparatus including a magnet for
     generating a static magnetic field, a gradient field coil disposed between
     pole pieces of the magnet and used for endowing an NMR signal with
     positional information, a high-frequency coil disposed in the gradient
     field coil for transmitting an electromagnetic wave and for detecting the
     NMR signal, and a bed disposed in the high-frequency coil for holding a
     person to be inspected, is disclosed. In this conversation device, a bone
     conduction microphone insensitive to a magnetic field and surrounding
     noise is mounted on an auxiliary member (which is used for placing the
     to-be-inspected person at a predetermined position on the bed) so that the
     bone conduction microphone can be kept in contact with that part of the
     to-be-inspected person which can conduct the voice of the to-be-inspected
     person by a bone."
"The invention teaches the use of a permanent magnet easy axis biasing
     structure having the same (or nearly so) physical geometry as the MR sense
     film itself, whereby a similar, but opposite, demagnetization field is
     generated in the biasing structure as is generated in the sense film.
     Thus, with the two demagnetization fields complementarily cancelling each
     other, any tendency of the sense film for multi-domain formation therein
     is cancelled (or at least lessened)."
"Magnetic read head for very narrow track and production process. On a
     silicon substrate (10) is formed a magnetic circuit (P1, P2, P3), whose
     thickness is equal to the width of the track to be read. This magnetic
     circuit is interrupted by a magnetic spacer (20) and two slots (F1, F2),
     in which are inserted elements sensitive to the magnetic field, e.g.
     magnetoresistors. The latter are connected to an integrated circuit (12)
     in the silicon substrate. Application to the reading of information
     recorded on a magnetic track."
"Both hard and easy axis bias fields are applied to the sense film of an
     unshielded magnetoresistive (UMR) magnetic head by a single bias source.
     The easy and hard axis fields are applied to the UMR sense film by so
     angling the applied bias field that orthogonal components of the field
     lie, respectively, in the directions of the easy and hard axes of the
     film."
"A MR magnetic head with a sensing element which comprises a plurality of
     superposed magnetic layers which have a magnetoresistance effect in at
     least one and a nonmagnetic intermediate layer sandwiched between the
     magnetic layers, and a sensing current is fed so as to flow in the sensing
     element in the same direction as a signal magnetic field which is applied
     to the element. Each of the magnetic layers is formed so as to have an
     easy axis of magnetization which is substantially perpendicular to the
     signal magnetic field or to have an isotropic magnetic characteristic in
     the magnetic film plane, which eliminates Barkhausen noise."
"To provide optimized performance in a magneto-resistive head having a soft
     adjacent magnetic biasing layer separated from a current-carrying
     magneto-resistive sense film by an extremely thin electrically insulating
     film, the invention provides that the soft adjacent magnetic biasing layer
     be comprised of a magnetically soft layer of high electrical resistivity,
     whereby the effect of pinholes in the electrically insulating film is
     significantly lessened."
"A magneto-optical light switching element comprising islands which are
     formed from an epitaxial layer on the basis of bismuth-substituted rare
     earth metal iron garnet, which layer is provided on a nonmagnetic,
     optically transparent garnet substrate, integrated heating resistors being
     provided on the islands which are surrounded by a coil, the substrate
     being (100)-oriented and the coil being constructed as an integrated coil."
"An elongated magnetoresistive sensor strip longitudinally biased to
     maintain a single domain sense region by exchange-biasing material
     atomically coupled to the strip at the ends of the strip outside of a
     central sense region."
"A method of grinding the periphery of an opthalmic lens blank (B)
     comprising rotating the blank periphery against a grinding wheel (38, 40,
     42) and simultaneously rotating a template (110) disposed coaxially
     relative to the blank and having the desired peripheral configuration of
     the finished lens. The template is positioned for cooperation with a
     follower (114) such that the template causes rotation of the follower when
     the template and follower are caused to engage one another in response to
     removal of material (MR) from the blank. Each period of time during which
     the follower is set into rotation by the template is determined and
     compared to a predetermined period corresponding to one revolution of the
     blank. The grinding operation is caused to continue if rotation of the
     follower during the predetermined period stops and the timed period is
     re-set to zero, upon recommencement of follower rotation, for comparison
     with the predetermined period until the timed period corresponds to the
     predetermined period whereupon the grinding operation is ceased."
"A read/write head for use in a magnetic storage device in a digital data
     processing system for writing data in the form of magnetic flux onto, and
     reading data from a spinning magnetic disk. The head has two magnetic pole
     pieces each with a yoke region which tapers to a pole tip and an
     energizable coil situated between the pole pieces in the yoke region for
     generating magnetic flux. One of the pole pieces has a slot in the yoke
     region, and a strip of magneto-resistive material is situated adjacent the
     slot. The magneto-resistive strip is adapted to be connected to sensing
     equipment which measures variations in the resistance of the
     magneto-resistive strip in response to the variations in the magnetic flux
     recorded on the media. Several slots may be formed in the pole pieces, and
     an elongated magneto-resistive strip may be situated adjacent the slots."
"A read/write head for a hard disk provides both a magneto-resistive read
     function and an inductive write function in a common gap. The inductive
     write function is provided by a current carrying coil which is
     magnetically coupled to top and bottom shields or pole tips which in turn
     induce the magnetic fields required for writing on the disk. Mutually
     biasing magneto-resistive read sensor are located between the shields,
     which serve to improve the resolution of the read function. During a read
     operation, read/write circuitry maintains a current in the coil which
     cancels, at least partially, magnetic fields induced by sensing and bias
     currents in the magneto-resistive heads which might other perturb
     information stored in the medium. This arrangement provides a read/write
     head with improved read/write resolution as required by emerging high
     density storage media in compact formats."
"An ultrasonic endoscope apparatus in which an ultrasonic vibrating element
     radiating an ultrasonic wave to obtain an image of an object to be
     inspected is rotatably housed in a distal end of an insertion section of
     the endoscope, and a rotation angle sensing mechanism is also housed in
     the distal end. The rotation angle sensing mechanism has a magnetic
     recording section having a magnetization pattern for forming a magnetic
     field, and a magnetic sensor having at least one magneto-resistive element
     for sensing the magnetic field. One of the magnetic recording section and
     the magnetic sensor is rotated integrally with the ultrasonic vibrating
     element so that a rotation angle of the ultrasonic vibrating element is
     sensed in a precise manner."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer comprising a thin film MR layer
     formed of ferromagnetic material and a nonmagnetic thin film spacer layer
     in contact with the MR layer. The spacer layer comprises a material
     selected from the group consisting of nichrome and nichrome with chromium
     oxide. A thin film of soft magnetic material is deposited in contact with
     the spacer layer so that a transverse bias is produced in at least a part
     of the MR layer. A feature of the invention is that the resistivity of the
     spacer layer can be chosen by selected the ration of nichrome to chromium
     oxide in the spacer layer. In a specific embodiment the spacer layer
     extends over only the central region of the MR layer. In case the MR layer
     is a nickel based alloy, a wet chemical etching process using an etchant
     comprising an aqueous solution of ceric ammonium nitrate and acetic acid
     can be used pattern the spacer layer."
"A protective circuit for a magnetoresistive (MR) element having a first and
     a second terminal in which a first current source is coupled to the first
     terminal of the MR element to produce a bias current through the MR
     element and a second current source is coupled to the second terminal of
     the MR element to produce a reference current. Circuit means coupled
     across the MR element senses the center potential of the MR element
     substantially midway between the first and second terminals, and a
     feedback circuit responsive to the sensed center potential is coupled to
     adjust the current output of the first current source to maintain the
     center potential to a selected reference voltage to protect the MR element
     from short circuits to a conductive area of the magnetic recording medium.
     A second feedback circuit is provided which comprises a pair of
     transistors coupled in a differential pair configuration and a
     transconductance stage which feeds back a signal as a current to the
     transistors which keeps the dc currents through each of the transistors
     equal, and the transistors provide an amplified output signal which is a
     function of the magnetic flux being sensed by the MR element."
"A sensor for reading perpendicularly recorded media includes dual
     magneto-resistive elements. Directionally opposed currents through
     respective elements each serve both sensing and bias functions. A detector
     differentially detects changes in the resistance of the stripes so as to
     presume common mode noise rejection when reading perpendicular recording
     media. In addition, the opposing currents offset each other's interaction
     with the soft magnetic underlayer of the media, which interaction could
     otherwise perturb the information stored on the media. Provision is made
     for switching the relative direction of current flow to provide for
     reading longitudinally recorded media."
"An optical analogue probe (9) is used on a co-ordinate measuring machine
     (1). Prior to use, it is datumed to compensate for any misalignment of the
     angle (.theta.) of its measurement axis (12A) from each of the machine's
     axes (X,Y,Z). Trigger points (D2,D3) are defined near opposite ends of the
     probe's measurement range (MR). A first set of machine X,Y,Z co-ordinates
     of at least four points (40) on a test sphere (38) are taken at one probe
     trigger point (D2). A corresponding set of co-ordinates for another four
     points (44) are taken at the other trigger point (D3). For each set of
     co-ordinates, a calculation is made of the center of the sphere, giving
     respective center points (42,46). The vector between these center points
     (42,46) is parallel to the measurement axis (12A) of the probe (9). From
     this vector, direction cosines are calculated for correcting the probe
     output to give X,Y and Z values."
"Device for sensing angular position of a shaft utilizes a flat on the
     shaft, a permanent magnet with its polar axis perpendicular to the shaft
     axis, and a magneto-resistive element between the magnet and the flat. The
     resistance of the element varies linearly as the shaft is rotated from a
     first position to a second position."
"An MR angiography method in which an angiogram is formed from the
     difference between amplitude and/or phase information contained in first
     and second complex images produced by different gradient waveforms in
     respective first and second types of excitation sequences. The gradient
     waveforms are chosen so that in the angiogram obtained from the first and
     second complex images, ideally, signals orginating from excited stationary
     spin nuclei are not present while the signals orginating from moving spin
     nuclei, due to flow in blood vessels, are present. However, stationary
     spin nuclei can be somewhat differently excited in the first and second
     sequence due to the different gradient waveforms used which cause
     different eddy currents to flow in metal parts of the apparatus. In the
     absence of correction, these eddy currents would exert their influence
     magnetically by causing a smoothly varying phase error in the difference
     between the first and second complex images resulting in erroneous signal
     contribution to the angiogram from stationary spin nuclei. This erroneous
     signal is eliminated by estimating the smoothly varying phase difference
     before forming the angiogram from the first and second complex images and
     by thus carrying out a non-linear phase correction."
"A circuit for deriving a temperature-independent square-wave signal from a
     measurement signal which consists of a DC component and an AC component
     and which is taken across a magneto-resistor exposed to an alternating
     magnetic field. The circuit has a controllable impedance, a timing section
     with a relatively long time constant, and operational amplifiers with FET
     inputs."
"A magnetic rotary encoder system includes a magnetoresistive sensor having
     a magnetoresistive element array which is selectively connected to
     accommodate a number of different diameter encoder wheels each wheel of
     which contains a different number of pieces of magnetic information
     recorded at corresponding different wavelengths. A sensing and
     conditioning circuit is coupled to the magnetoresistive sensor and detects
     changes in resistance of the magnetoresistive elements when a magnetic
     field produced by a magnetic pole causes the magnetoresistive resistance
     to drop. Output signals are provided in quadrature to increase the
     resolution of the system."
"In MRI, in order to provide accurate position data of a subject to an MR
     signal, the characteristics of the gradient magnetic fields are
     controlled. The characteristics, i.e., rise time T.sub.r of the waveform
     of a current signal required in generating a gradient magnetic field is
     described as: T.sub.r =(Z.sub.l /Z.sub.r) ln (V/V-I.sub.out
     .multidot.Z.sub.r)), where Z.sub.l is an inductance part of a gradient
     field generating coil, Z.sub.r is a resistance part of a gradient field
     generating coil, V is a power source voltage of a gradient field
     generating power source, and I.sub.out is a current supplied to the
     gradient field generating coil. As impedances of the gradient field
     generating coils are different from one another, the characteristics, for
     example, rise time periods, of the gradient magnetic fields are controlled
     by regulating the power source voltage of a gradient magnetic field
     generating power source. The characteristics of the gradient magnetic
     fields are also controlled by making trapezoidal waves."
"In a method of manufacturing a magnetic sensor by etching a ferromagnetic
     film on a substrate with an etching solution to form a plurality of
     magnetoresistive elements of a given width disposed in a row in parallel
     with each other on the substrate, wherein the magnetoresistive elements
     are connected by bridge circuits so that the magnetic sensor can be used
     in proximity to a rotating magnetic member to detect rotation information
     based upon changes in electrical resistance in the magnetoresistive
     elements, the improvement comprising the steps of etching the
     ferromagnetic film to form dummy elements outwardly of each end of the row
     of magnetoresistive elements so as to allow all of the magnetoresistive
     elements to be formed of a uniform width by preventing the
     magnetoresistive elements at each end of the row from being affected by
     etching solution collected in the spaces outwardly of the ends of the row;
     where the etching of the dummy elements occurs simultaneously with the
     etching of the magnetoresistive elements."
"An magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) system comprises an image pick-up
     section having a slice selector for selecting a position and a gradient of
     a slice, the image pick-up section exciting the magnetic resonance (MR) in
     a slice of an object under inspection as selected, to collect MR data and
     to obtain the MR image data, a memory section for storing the MR image
     data picked up by the image pick-up section, together with its associated
     slice position data, and a display section for displaying an image. The
     MRI system further includes an MR image display control section for
     reading out desired MR image data from the memory section, and causing the
     display section to display the MR image of one or more slices, a marker
     display control section for displaying a marker to designate an image
     picked up slice, superposing on the MR image of the arbitrary slice as
     displayed by the display section, and an image pick up control section for
     setting up the conditions for of these conditions."
"A simplified structure for a single track read/write head design is
     disclosed. The design incorporates a simplified write coil structure and
     an improved and simplified combined magnetic bias and sensor current
     structure. The active sensing current is utilized both to create an
     anti-parallel magnetic vector couple in a coupled film magneto resistive
     sensor and to magnetically bias or torque the anti-parallel couple so that
     magnetization within the sensor films lies at an angle with the easy
     magnetic axis. Sensor current is fed in series through an electro-magnetic
     coil wrapped about the magneto resistive sensor so that sense current
     simultaneously creates an anti-parallel magnetic vector couple in the
     sensor and generates an electromagnetic bias field to torque the
     anti-parallel couple at an angle with the easy axis of magnetization. An
     improved spirally laid-out planar deposited writing flux coil is
     positioned about the writing electromagnetic core which greatly simplifies
     fabrication steps in making the device."
"A perpendicular magnetic recording method uses a perpendicular magnetic
     recording medium. This medium comprises a perpendicular anisotropy film
     having perpendicular remanent magnetization Mr and longitudinal remanent
     magnetization Mr.sub..parallel., wherein the value of the ratio
     Mr.sub..perp. /Mr.sub..parallel.  is not less than 0.2, but is less than
     1."
"The present invention is a proximity sensor employing a magneto resistive
     structure. This proximity sensor includes a toroidal magnet having a
     central aperture, an inner circumference and an outer circumference. This
     toroidal magnet has a first magnetic pole at the inner circumference and a
     second magnetic pole at the outer circumference thereby creating a
     magnetic field null at a center portion of the central aperture. A magneto
     resistive structure is disposed at the magnetic field null in the central
     aperture of the toroidal magnetic. This magneto resistive structure has a
     resistance dependent upon magnetic flux. The proximity of a magnetically
     permeable target to the toroidal magnet shifts the position of the
     magnetic null, thereby causing a large change in the magnetic flux through
     the magneto resistive structure. An electrical detection circuit detects
     changes in this resistance for indication of the proximity of the
     magnetically permeable target."
"The present invention is a current sensor employing a magneto resistive
     sensor having high fidelity of output. This current sensor includes a
     magnetic flux concentrator substantially encircling the electrical
     conductor having magnetic sensing, a magnetic device generating a magnetic
     field component along an axis offset from the principle axis, a magneto
     resistive device disposed in the magnetic sensing region, a constant
     current source supplying a predetermined constant current to said magneto
     resistive device, and a voltage sensing circuit connected to said magneto
     resistive device for measuring resistance by measuring a difference
     voltage induced by said constant current. This measured voltage
     corresponds to the current through the conductor. The magneto resistive
     device is formed as a Wheatstone bridge having a first and second pair of
     opposite terminals. The constant current source provides a predetermined
     constant current whereby the change with temperature in the differential
     voltage between said second pair of terminals is equal and opposite to the
     change in voltage of the total bridge resistance with temperature and the
     change in the bridge offset voltage with temperature."
"A personal radiation monitor of the chirper type is provided for detecting
     ionizing radiation. A battery powered high voltage power supply is used to
     generate and apply a high voltage bias to a G-M tube radiation sensor. The
     high voltage is monitored by a low-loss sensing network which generates a
     feedback signal to control the high voltage power supply such that the
     high voltage bias is recharged to +500 VDC when the current pulses of the
     sensor, generated by the detection of ionizing radiation events,
     discharges the high voltage bias to +450 VDC. During the high voltage
     recharge period an audio transducer is activated to produce an audible
     ""chirp"". The rate of the ""chirps"" is controlled by the rate at which the
     high voltage bias is recharged, which is proportional to the radiation
     field intensity to which the sensor is exposed. The chirp rate sensitivity
     is set to be approximately 1.5 (chirps/min/MR/hr.). The G-M tube sensor is
     used in a current sensing mode so that the device does not paralyze in a
     high radiation field."
"A magnetic, solid state memory cell or sensor includes a magnetoresistive,
     ferromagnetic layer and a resistive layer overlying the magnetoresistive
     layer. The resistivity and dimensions of the resistive layer are such
     that, preferably, only a small fraction of any sense current flowing
     through the cell or sensor will flow between input and output contacts by
     way of the resistive layer, yet the magnitude of the sense current will
     not be reduced below a desired signal level due to the presence of the
     resistive layer. The resistive layer is comprised of a material which will
     not diffuse into the magnetoresistive layer. A compound or mixture of a
     metal and either nitrogen or oxygen, such as tantalum and nitrogen, is
     preferred as the resistive layer. It is also preferred that the resistive
     layer be nonmagnetic."
"Apparatus for spatial localization in magnetic resonance (MR) systems
     applicable to both imaging and spectroscopy. Spatial localization provides
     data from a volume of interest (VOI) by means of selective inversion
     followed by the application of a modified spin-echo sequence having a
     second slice selection gradient used with the 180.degree. pulse being
     orthogonal to a first slice selection gradient used with the 90.degree.
     pulse. The selective inversion 180.degree. pulse is applied in the
     presence of a third selection gradient which is orthogonal to the other
     two selection gradient pulses. This basic sequence is applied twice with
     the preinversion pulse absent in the second application. The resulting
     signals are substracted from one another to obtain a net localized signal
     from the VOI."
"A magnetic head characteristic measuring device for determining the
     recording and reproduction efficiencies of a magnetic head, which uses an
     MR block consisting of plural parallel magnetoresistive elements disposed
     on opposite sides of a reference plane aligned with the center of the gap
     of the magnetic head. The MR elements detect a change in the vertical
     component of the magnetic field caused by a change in a leakage magnetic
     field generated in the gap, to gauge the recording efficiency of the head.
     The measuring device also includes a further MR element or other conductor
     capable of generating a test magnetic field when supplied with a current.
     When this test magnetic field is being generated, a measurement of the
     response of the magnetic head is taken in order to gauge the reproduction
     efficiency of the same."
"An apparatus for magnetically detecting a position of a movable magnetic
     body includes a three-terminal magnetic field-intensity sensing structure
     formed by a pair of magneto-resistors. The magnetic field-intensity
     sensing structure is disposed opposite to a magnetic body arranged for
     movement relative thereto in a magnetic field and generates a first
     electrical signal of sinusoidal waveform in response to a change in the
     intensity of the magnetic field due to the relative movement of the
     magnetic body. This first electrical signal appears from the apparatus as
     a second electrical signal of rectangular waveform or of sinusoidal
     waveform having an amplified amplitude. Components of the circuit for
     shaping the waveform of or amplifying the amplitude of the first
     electrical signal are integrally mounted together with the
     magneto-resistors on a substrate. Preferably, the shaping or amplifying
     circuit is in the form of a hybrid integrated circuit formed on the
     substrate."
"A magnetoresistive sensor includes groups of MR elements arranged on a
     non-magnetic substrate for selective connection to detect and sense
     magnetic information recorded on a number of different diameter encoder
     wheels of which each diameter wheel may have a different number of pieces
     of magnetic information recorded at corresponding different wavelenths
     (.lambda.) on a circumferentially running track located on the
     circumferential face of the wheel. The MR sensor includes an additional MR
     element arrangement for detecting and sensing index magnetic information
     recorded on an additional circumferentially running track located on the
     circumferential face of the wheel. The connection arrangement of the MR
     elements is such to form external power supply connection terminals which
     have a width substantially larger than the width of the MR elements and
     surround the MR elements covering a substantial portion of the substrate
     surface to form a heat sink to eliminate thermal gradients from developing
     across the substrate thereby providing thermal stability."
"A single magnetoresistive element ganged MR head sensor. The sensor is
     comprised of a single magnetoresistive element divided into a plurality of
     sense regions by more than two electrical contacts, the facing sides of
     each being parallel to each other and perpendicular to the lower edge of
     the element. No other transverse biasing is applied and the sensor
     operates in a non linear mode. The provision of no transverse biasing
     reduces cross talk."
"A magnetic encoder for detecting the speed of an actuator adapted to carry
     out rotational movement or linear movement by a magneto-resistor is
     disclosed. This magnetic encoder is intended to carry out output
     conversion by using a stripe-shaped magneto-resistor located close to a
     magnetic medium with respect to a periodic magnetic field coming out of
     the magnetic medium on which at least one track of magnetization patterns
     are recorded by a pitch p in order to generate the periodic magnetic field
     depending on the required position reading accuracy. When the unit stripe
     length of the magneto-resistor is represented by l and the closest
     distance between the magnetic medium and the magneto-resistor is
     represented by g, the angle .alpha. defined between the longitudinal
     direction of the stripe and the surface of the magnetic medium located at
     the closest part ranges from
     ##EQU1##
     to 90 degrees and the lateral direction of the stripe is oriented parallel
     to the direction of the magnetic field from the magnetization patterns."
"A toroidal or similar body (1) of a non-magnetic, insulating material,
     preferably glass fibre-reinforced plastic or ceramic is provided with at
     least three recesses for receiving in each case a corresponding one
     magnetoresistive sensor. The associated measuring directions of said
     sensors are orthogonal to one another. For producing a magnetic auxiliary
     field applied to the sensors, a coil is arranged on the body. for
     increasing the accuracy and reliability of the measured result, the body
     is provided with at least one further recess for receiving a further
     sensor. The measuring direction of the further sensor differs from that of
     other sensors and forms preferably the same angle with the other measuring
     directions. The body can be in multipart form and is in particular made
     from two identical parts.
The apparatus can be used in electronic compasses and for north finding
     devices."
"A magnetic field sensor using a plurality of magnetoresistive material
     strips having conductors positioned over the strips near the ends but
     isolated therefrom, the strips being interconnected with interconnections
     located between the conductors. Strip ends may be tapered outside of the
     conductors. A plurality of such arrangements may be interconnected."
"The pressure measuring device has a housing in which a pressure chamber is
     located in a pin extending freely in the interior of the housing from a
     base. The pressure chamber wall is deformable elastically under an applied
     pressure. In the free end portion of the pin a magnetoresistive sensor is
     mounted which is moved with the chamber wall in a displacement occurring
     because of pressure changes in the chamber and thus is displaced relative
     to a permanent magnet. The magnet is mounted slightly transversely in the
     end portion of a compensating sleeve which surrounds the pin with wall
     contact. The change of the magnetic field at the sensor on displacement
     causes a proportional resistance change of the sensor so that an
     electrical signal proportional to the pressure change is generated which
     is a measure of the pressure. An amplifier for the signal from the
     magnetoresistive sensor can be mounted inside the housing adjacent the
     permanent magnet or the magnetoresistive sensor. Also advantageously the
     space between the housing and the compensating sleeve can be filled with
     insulation to further reduce temperature compensation requirements."
"A thin film magnetic data transducer has for reading data a
     magnetoresistive sensing element with a projection not more than about 1.5
     .mu.m. long under at least one of the poles. The projection's tip is
     approximately flush with the end of the pole, and because of its proximity
     to the medium, allows greater sensitivity in reading magnetic patterns in
     the recording medium. As long as the length of the projection is less than
     about the stated dimension (length measured normal to the medium surface)
     the sensing element does not break up into domains."
"A magnetoresistance element comprises one or more magnetoresistors whose
     resistances are varied with the change in magnitude of the magnetic field
     produced by a multipolar magnet disposed on a moving object. The
     magnetoresistors are provided adjacent to the object and arranged to have
     a sensitivity which is distributed along the moving direction of the
     object with a predetermined distribution breadth and which has one or more
     peak values, so as to provide an output a signal having a sinusoidal
     waveform."
"The use of a pure zirconium film as a shunt film in a magnetoresistive head
     having a permalloy film as a magnetoresistive film and a shunt film for
     application of a transverse biasing magnetic field serves to improve the
     heat resistance of the magnetoresistive element and allows an increase in
     the temperature used in the process for producing a magnetic head."
"A non linear magnetoresistive sensor having a magnetoresistive strip with
     no transverse biasing (either permanent or current) such that the sensor
     is operated in its non linear mode. The sensor is useful in its non linear
     mode to determine the location of pulse peaks from encoded data from a
     medium by differentiating and determining the zero crossings of the
     detected signal."
"The present invention is a shaft position sensor for detection of the
     position of a multiturn shaft. The rotation of the multiturn shaft is
     converted into a linear motion via a multiturn screw and a nonrotating
     nut. A magnet is mounted on the nonrotating nut. The linear movement of
     the magnet is converted into an electrical signal using one or more
     magneto resistive structures. A pair of flux plates is disposed on either
     side of the linear path of the magnet with at least one narrow gap
     opposite one end of the linear path of the magnet. A single magneto
     resistive structure is disposed in each such narrow gap. An electrical
     circuit measures the resistance of the one or more magneto resistive
     structures, this resistance varying with magnetic flux, and generates an
     electrical position signal which indicates the rotary position of the
     multiturn shaft. Linearity in response can be provided by a flux shunt
     which blocks magnetic flux directly from the magnet, control of the
     distance of the flux plates from the linear path of the magnet, or varying
     the magnetic permeability of the flux plates with position along the
     linear path, for example, by varying the thickness of the flux plates."
"A current sensor (10) comprising spaced pole pieces (62, 64) and a magnetic
     shunt (80) bridging the pole pieces within an insulating housing assembly
     (12) which also contains a magnetoresistive transducer (90) and electronic
     circuitry (16) for sensing magnetic field intensity between the pole
     pieces and relating that intensity as electric signals provided at
     terminals (26) at the exterior of the housing. The transducer senses
     magnetic field intensity along a principal axis (88). Permanent magnets
     (94, 96) or induction coils (276, 278) are provided to establish a biasing
     component of magnetic field intensity along an axis (98) substantially
     normal to the principal axis to improve sensor sensitivity, range of
     operation and immunity to current overload."
"A magnetoresistive sensor monitors the passing of teeth on a rotating wheel
     and generates a DC biased speed signal. An amplifier compares this voltage
     with the capacitor voltage and charges or discharges the capacitor through
     a pair of parallel coupled, oppositely poled diodes to maintain the
     capacitor voltage equal to the DC biased speed signal. The voltage across
     the diode pair is supplied to a comparator switch to provide a pulse train
     having a frequency that is a measure of the rotational speed of the wheel."
"A circuit for amplifying a measurement signal having an AC component and
     obtained from the tap of a voltage divider which is connected via a
     dropping resistor to a supply voltage and includes at least one
     magneto-resistor, and for shaping the measurement signal into an output
     signal of approximately rectangular shape. To simplify the circuit and
     reduce the number and size of the components and leads to a minimum, the
     current produced by the supply voltage is changed essentially in
     accordance with the changes of the AC component of the measurement signal
     by connecting a controllable impedance into the supply-voltage lead, the
     impedance being controlled by the measurement signal."
"In a magnetoresistive reproduce head which is self-biased by a saturated
     soft adjacent layer magnetically coupled to the magnetoresistive element,
     the induced anisotropy fields of the magnetoresistive element and the soft
     adjacent layer are made to lie in the direction of the bias field at the
     magnetoresistive element rather than perpendicular to the bias field.
     These induced anistropy fields partially counteract demagnetizing fields
     which oppose the bias field, and thereby lower the current in the
     magnetoresistive element required to saturate the soft adjacent layer in
     biasing the magnetoresistive element. The lowered current reduces the
     Joule heating of the magnetoresistive element and attendantly results in
     improved head performance."
"This patent teaches multiplexing MR head circuits to an off-chip capacitor
     in novel ways to eliminate excessive numbers of off-chip components. The
     bias current is switched off for each MR head when it is not in use and
     the bias current is supplied only to the MR head being employed at a given
     time. On the sensing side, the invention teaches connecting a single
     capacitor across a plurality of pairs of transistor emitters, each pair of
     transistors having their collectors (assuming NPN) connected to the sense
     lines of one of the MR heads. A number of example circuits are illustrated
     and described, including one employing PNP transistors."
"A quadrature coil combiner for phase shifting the pulses and signals of a
     quadrature coil system used in magnetic resonance (MR) systems to
     selectively combine or cancel the pulses and signals transmitted and
     received. The combiner comprises a first and a second conductor for
     coupling a first and a second coil respectively of the quadrature coil
     system to a transmit-receive circuit of the MR system. The first conductor
     comprises an insertable .pi./2 radian delay. The second conductor includes
     a fixed .pi./2 radian delay. At least one of either the fixed delay or the
     insertable delay is a quarter wavelength cable whereby active elements are
     minimized."
"In an MRI system, a patient is placed in a uniform static field, and a
     gradient field is superposed on the uniform static field and an excitation
     rotating field is applied thereto, thus causing an MR phenomenon in a
     prospective slice portion of the patient. The MRI system detects an MR
     signal generated by the MR phenomenon, and causes the detected MR signal
     to be subjected to predetermined processing including image reconstruction
     processing, thus obtaining slice image data to which MR data in the slice
     of the patient is reflected. A reception probe is used for detecting the
     MR signal in the MRI system. The reception probe essentially consists of a
     coil member without a bobbin."
"A process a plate workpiece with high precision at high speed, the plate
     processing machine comprises a workpiece side surface positioning device
     (SPD) provided with magnet rollers (MR); a workpiece trimming device (TD)
     provided with a tool actuating switch (SW); and a workpiece positioning
     device (PD) provided with an optical sensor (SE). The magnet rollers guide
     a workpiece forward in magnetic rotatable contact engagement with the side
     surface of the workpiece. The tool actuating switch is actuated before the
     workpiece is located at a trimming position for automatic trimming
     operation. The optical sensor generates a feed speed deceleration signal
     so that a fed workpiece will not apply shock to the stop member of the
     positioning device by adjusting the sensor position relative to the stop
     surface according to the workpiece length to be cut."
"Precision multilayer optical interference coating of substrates having
     complex topology using complementary shaped electrodes and plasma enhanced
     chemical vapor deposition within a chamber. The materials for the optical
     quality thin films are obtained from starting reactants of the form M-R
     where M denotes a metal atom and R denotes an organic component. These
     starting reactants are brought into a reactive atmosphere of the chamber
     through a plurality of orifices in one of the shaped electrodes. The
     resulting substances are deposited as thin films upon the substrates."
"A magnetoresistance-effect sensor for use in a magnetic domain detector for
     reading data recorded on magnetic tapes or in magnetic bubble memories
     mainly consists of a layer of semiconductor material which carries a layer
     of ferrimagnetic material on one face and at least one pair of electrodes
     disposed along an axis OX on the other face, the layer of ferrimagnetic
     material being placed in proximity to the magnetic data carrier. A
     magnetic data item thus induces a magnetic field in the layer of
     semiconductor material in a direction OY perpendicular to the axis OX of
     the pair of electrodes."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) sensor which is provided with longitudinal bias by
     means of exchange coupling between the ferromagnetic MR layer (NiFe) and
     an ultrathin layer of an antiferromagnetic material (FeMn) with a
     thickness within the range of about 25 to 200 angstroms. The exchange
     structure is capped by a protective film to prevent oxidation damage to
     the exchange structure during subsequent thermal cycling. The capping
     layer is a dielectric or metal oxide (cermet) film such as Cr.sub.2
     O.sub.3, Al.sub.2 O.sub.3, Cr - SiO or Si O.sub.2. Alternatively, the
     capping layer can be a laminated FeMn-Lx film where Lx is taken from the
     group consisting of Cr.sub.2 O.sub.3, Al.sub.2 O.sub.3, and Si O.sub.2."
"A magnetoresistive sensor element having bottleneck shaped ends. The sensor
     element has a highly stable, single domain central region, which
     eliminates Barkhausen noise."
"A shunt biased magnetoresistive element includes a sensor part sensitive to
     an external magnetic field and a pair of leads (electrodes) in contact
     with the sensor part. The width (W) of the contact between the sensor part
     and each of the leads is selected to be equal to or larger than the width
     (L) of the sensor part. The MR element further includes a center tap
     having a width (W') selected to be two or more times as large as the width
     (L) of the sensor part, because the quantity of current flowing through
     the center tap is two times as large as that flowing through each of the
     end leads."
"Magnetic poles are provided continuously with a pitch .lambda. on the
     peripheral portion of a drum rotated in accordance with a movement of a
     moving body. A magnetic sensor is provided in opposition to these poles.
     The sensor is formed of two magnetoresistive element pairs which are
     spaced from each other at .lambda./6, and the two elements in each pair
     are arranged in positions spaced from each other at .lambda./2. The two
     elements in each pair are connected in series to form a bridge circuit.
     The signals obtained from the nodes of the series-connected elements in
     the two element pairs are differentially amplified so that third harmonic
     wave components are eliminated, and a signal having no distortion and
     representative of the position or speed of the moving body can be
     obtained."
"A magneto ignition system includes a rotating magnet driven past a primary
     winding for firing the engine. The magneto generates a speed dependent
     signal having a following current pulse and a leading current pulse of a
     smaller amplitude than the following pulse. A Darlington power transistor
     has a collector connected in series with a voltage dropping resistor or
     diode to the winding. A resistor bias circuit connects the primary winding
     to the input of the power transistor. A cut-off transistor is connected to
     by-pass the bias circuit of the Darlington power transistor and thereby
     generate a pulse in the primary winding. A timing capacitor is connected
     to the primary winding in series with a diode and charging resistor. A
     control transistor has its input circuit connected between the timing
     capacitor and the resistors of the bias circuit. The control transistor
     responds to the differential of the bias circuit voltage and the capacitor
     voltage, whereby the control transistor drives the cut-off transistor to
     turn off the power transistor during the decreasing side of the winding
     circuit after it peaks at starting and low speeds and progressively
     increases with a gradual advance during the starting speed range, and
     includes a maximum advance established prior to the peak current value."
"Magneto-resistive head comprising a magneto-resistive film, and a soft
     magnetic film disposed at one side of said magneto-resistive film, which
     soft magnetic film is magnetized by electric current flowing through the
     magneto-resistive film, to which a bias magnetic field is applied by the
     magnetization of the soft magnetic film, whereby they are so structured
     that 0.7.times.B.sub.SMR .times.T.sub.MR &lt;B.sub.SSF .times.T.sub.SF is
     satisfied, where T.sub.MR and B.sub.SMR represent the thickness and the
     saturated magnetic flux density, respectively, of the magneto-resistive
     film and T.sub.SF and B.sub.SSF represent the thickness and the saturated
     magnetic flux density, respectively, of the soft magnetic film."
"A single track read/write head design is disclosed in which a pair of solid
     state magnetically permeable sensors such as coupled film magneto
     resistive sensors are joined together with a central flux conducting probe
     in the general form of a T or Y connection with the probe extending
     downward toward a magnetic record medium to conduct flux to or from the
     medium for writing or reading therefrom. Alternatively, a single coupled
     film magneto resistive sensor may be bifurcated at its central area at the
     intersection with the flux coupling probe. The resultant flux coupled from
     the magnetic medium is divided between the two sensors, or two halves of a
     sensor, where it alters the magneto resistive or other magnetic property
     of the sensor in a differential sense, i.e., the left half or left sensor
     will experience an increase or decrease in resistance while the right half
     or right sensor experiences an opposite decrease or increase in
     resistivity, respectively. The design permits the magnetically permeable
     sensors to be located at a remote elevation or distance from the record
     medium to reduce wear and critical lapping problems in manufacture.
     Allowing the sensors to lie in a generally horizontal plane relative to
     the magnetic record medium permits magnetic biasing of the magneto
     resistive sensors in a flux path which does not enter the medium itself
     and thus avoids unwanted flux coupling sensor and/or bias flux to the
     medium which interferes with reading and writing of the data record. The
     differential nature of the flux energization path of the two sensors or
     sensor halves results in common mode noise rejection from flying height
     variations between the coupling probe and the medium and of other
     electrical disturbances common to the circuits of the sensors."
"A soft-film-bias type magnetoresistive device is disclosed in which a
     high-permeability magnetic film, an insulating film and a permalloy film
     are formed on a substrate in this order, and first, second and third
     electrodes, which are parallel to each other, are provided on the
     permalloy film, to form a differential type magnetoresistive device. In
     this magnetoresistive device, a bias magnetic field which is generated and
     applied to the permalloy film between the first and second electrodes, is
     opposite in direction to a bias magnetic field which is generated and
     applied to the permalloy film between the second and third electrodes."
"Elongate magneto-resistive elements (3) spaced apart on a substrate (9)
     incorporated in a magnetic circuit constituted by a magnetic yoke (5, 7,
     9) which is provided with pole faces (19, 21) for the purpose of
     co-operating with the registration medium, while each magneto-resistive
     element is provided with two contacts (3A) for connection to a measuring
     current source. To improve the stability of the magneto-resistive
     elements, the magnetic head has strip-shaped coupling elements (17) which
     magnetically couple the magneto-resistive elements and keep them
     electrically separated from each other."
"In MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging), the signal-to-noise ratio with nuclear
     magnetic resonance signals received by a surface coil from an excited body
     is considerably larger than with corresponding signals received by a body
     coil in the relevant region. The sensitivity pattern of a surface coil is
     very non-uniform, however. By correction of a reconstructed image from MR
     signals received by a surface coil by a corresponding image from MR
     signals received by a body coil, in which event the surface coil has an
     arbitrary shape and occupies an arbitrary position with respect to the
     body, the non-uniformity in the surface coil image is brought back to the
     uniformity of the body coil image."
"An improved magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer in which a layered
     structure comprising an antiferromagnetic layer in direct contact with an
     MR layer is subjected to a thermal annealing process by heating the
     structure to a temperature within a chosen range for a chosen time so that
     a new ternary antiferromagnetic alloy is formed by diffusion. The ternary
     antiferromagnetic alloy has a high value of exchange bias which is less
     temperature sensitive. In a specific embodiment in which the MR layer is
     NiFe and the antiferromagnetic layer is FeMn, the ternary alloy formed by
     heating the structure to a temperature within the range of 260.degree. C.
     to 350.degree. C. for 50 to 20 hours has a room temperature exchange bias
     field with NiFe of about 50 Oersted and an ordering temperature which
     exceeds 300.degree. C."
"In a plurality of magnetoresistive heads for reading information from
     regions obtained by dividing a disk-shaped recording medium into
     concentric circles, the thickness of a magnetoresistive film included in a
     magnetoresistive head assigned to an outer region is made larger than the
     thickness of a magnetoresistive film included in a magnetoresistive head
     assigned to an inner region."
"A magnetoresistance type magnetic head, in which a magnetoresistance film
     is disposed through an insulating film between two soft magnetic bodies,
     and a signal leadout conductor for the magnetoresistance film is disposed
     in the insulating film so that its surface is at the same level as that of
     the insulating film, thereby providing a high-performance
     magnetoresistance type magnetic head, in which the gap length is small and
     the resistance of the signal leadout conductor portion is small."
"A magnetoresistive detection head for detecting relative displacement of a
     magnetic recording medium relative to the detection head includes two sets
     of magnetoresistive elements which change their respective resistances in
     response to changes in the intensity of a magnetic field generated by the
     magnetic recording medium during the relative displacement. The
     magnetoresistive elements are overlapped and spaced relative to each other
     by a specified space lag in the direction of the relative displacement.
     One set of magnetoresistive elements produce a sine output and the other a
     cosine output. The overlapping and precise spacing of the elements aligns
     the phases of the signal envelopes of the sine and cosine outputs,
     reducing reading errors when physical warps appear on the magnetic
     recording medium."
"A cross tie random access memory has spaced binary memory elements of thin
     film magneto-resistive material. A source, drain, and channel under each
     memory element forms a transistor with the thin film memory element which
     acts as the gate of the transistor. Circuitry is provided to write in and
     read out a data bit in the addressed binary memory element by providing
     current under only the memory element being addressed."
"A thin film magnetic head including a lower yoke made of magnetic material
     having a high permeability, a magnetoresistive element and an upper yoke
     for transmitting magnetic flux to the magnetoresistive element. The upper
     yoke overlaps, at its rear end portion, a front end portion of the
     magnetoresistive element, while the lower yoke is formed, at its portion
     confronting the magnetoresistive element, with a groove such that the
     magnetoresistive element overlaps, at its rear end portion, the lower
     yoke."
"A magnetoresistive head having separate write and read gaps including a
     leading write pole, a trailing write/shield pole, and a following shield
     pole, wherein an elongated magnetoresistive sensor strip having a central
     sense region is mounted in the read gap, and further wherein the leading
     write pole has a length corresponding to the central sense region of the
     sensor and defines a track width, and the trailing/shield pole and
     following shield are the same length as the overall length of the
     magnetoresistive sensor strip."
"The present invention relates to the structure of a magneto-resistive head
     for reducing the spike noises generated in the head and for increasing the
     signal to noise ratio when the information is reproduced. In order to
     achieve the object, an electric conductor layer is disposed at both sides
     or one side of a magneto-resistive element, and the conductor layer is
     isolated from the element and connected to a DC potential."
"Trackwise disparity between inductive record and magneto-resistive playback
     heads which are built on a common support is measured and memorized.
     Thereafter, during head-positioning, the memorized disparity is employed
     as a track-address bias for proper registration of the playback head,
     irrespective of its widthwise disparity relative to the record head. To
     achieve the aforesaid measurement, the invention provides for a
     self-calibrating algorithmic routine that generates the aforesaid bias."
"A rotation information detector comprising plural magnetoresistant elements
     arranged parallel and adjacent to a rotating magnetic field and dummy
     elements located parallel on both sides of the magnetoresistant elements
     wherein rotation information is detected on the basis of those electric
     resistances on the magnetoresistant elements which change responsive to
     the change of the magnetic field, characterized in that boundary patterns
     are formed between the magnetoresistant elements and the dummy ones,
     respectively, so that the magnetoresistant elements can be distinctly
     distinguished from the dummy ones to enhance the efficiency of appearance
     check."
"A flat brushless motor having magnetoresistive elements includes a flat
     multipole permanent magnet mounted on a rotary shaft, a yoke member
     positioned in such a manner as to face the permanent magnet, and coils.
     The brushless motor also incorporates a plurality of zig-zag patterns of
     magnetoresistive elements which are formed on a plane perpendicular to the
     axis of the rotary shaft."
"A magnetoresistive sensor which includes an element having a first layer
     that exhibits a magnetoresistive response, a second layer that
     magnetically biases the first layer and is in contact therewith, and
     possibly a substrate that contacts the first layer, with the first layer
     disposed between the second layer and the substrate. Of course, the first
     and second layers are interchangeable. Adjoining a side of the second
     layer is an anode contact and a cathode contact. The anode contact and the
     cathode contact are positioned on the side of the second layer such that
     they do not contact each other."
"Magnetic head for reading information from a magnetic registration medium.
     Comprises a magnetic yoke (3) having two limbs (3A, 3B) whose free ends
     constitute pole faces (3A1, 3B1) on either side of a read gap (7). A
     magnetoresistive element (15A, 15B) provided within the magnetic yoke at a
     distance from the pole faces is constituted by a layer of Bi provided on
     the magnetic intermediate yoke (13). Viewed in the longitudinal direction
     of the read gap, the layer of Bi extends on either side of this gap and at
     least during operation it is in a constant magnetic field directed
     transversely to the layer of Bi."
"A self-biased magnetoresistive reproduce head is excited with an a.c. sense
     current which simultaneously a.c. biases the magnetoresistive element.
     When reproducing a pre-recorded signal, the spectrum of the head output
     includes sidebands containing the signal information associated with a
     suppressed carrier at twice the bias frequency. These sidebands are far
     removed in the head output frequency spectrum from sources of low
     frequency noise. The invention teaches demodulating these sidebands by
     means of a locally generated carrier corresponding to the suppressed
     carrier which has a frequency of twice the bias frequency. This locally
     generated carrier is coherent with the bias frequency source. The
     information signal is thereby recovered in a portion of the spectrum
     immune from the effects of low frequency interfering noise."
"Control signals are provided by means of a magnet, a sensor sensitive to
     magnets, and elements influencing the magnetic field and having a relative
     movement. A magnetoresistive circuit is placed between one stationary and
     at least two simultaneously linear or circular movable magnetic flux
     concentrators having an U- or V-shaped arrangement and being alternately
     effective in the magnetic circuit. The magnetoresistive circuit is
     operated in its saturation range, if at least one of the magnetic flux
     concentrators is effective."
"A magnetic flux concentrator comprising spaced pole pieces (4,6) and
     magnetic shunt (8) bridging the pole pieces within an insulating housing
     (2) which also contains a magnetoresistive transducer (24) and electronic
     circuitry (26) for sensing magnetic field intensity between the pole
     pieces and relating that intensity as electric signals provided at wiring
     terminals (28) at the exterior of the housing. The pole pieces have
     magnetic terminal portions adjacent openings in the housing for removable
     attachment thereto of selected ferrous strap configurations (42,50,52,60)
     determined by the cross-sectional shape of the electrical conductor (46)
     in which current flow is to be measured, the respective strap
     configuration and flux concentrator forming a magnetic loop around the
     conductor for picking up the magnetic flux induced by current flow in the
     conductor."
"An amplifier for voltage biasing and amplifying the signals produced by a
     magnetic sensor is provided. Electrically, the resistance of the sensor is
     disposed between the bases of a differential pair comprising the input
     stage of the amplifier. Constant bias voltage for the sensor is provided
     independently of sensor resistance. DC feedback to the input stage
     balances current flow in both paths of the differential input stage to
     correct for DC offset arising in the output from input stage emitter
     resistor. The amplified signal, representing .DELTA.R.sub.h /R.sub.h, is
     sensed as a voltage across the magnetoresistive sensor, where
     .DELTA.R.sub.h is the change in steady-state resistance, R.sub.h, of the
     sensor."
"A magnetic position detector having a rotary magnetic recording medium
     which is movable with a movable body the position of which is to be
     detected. The rotary magnetic recording medium is divided into plural
     channels, each of which includes two tracks. A magnetic sensor is disposed
     to face the magnetic recording medium with a predetermined air gap
     therebetween and includes two sets of magnetoresistive elements spaced by
     a predetermined distance for each channel. Each set of magnetoresistive
     elements includes two elements wherein the first elements of the two sets
     face one of the tracks of a channel and the second elements of the other
     of the two sets faces the other track and the first and second elements of
     the two sets are formed as one body with adjacent ends of the first and
     second elements being coupled with each other. The coupled adjacent ends
     are connected to either one of first terminals for deriving output
     voltages from the magnetoresistive elements or to second terminals for
     supplying the magnetoresistive elements with source voltage. The
     non-adjacent ends of the first and second elements which are opposite to
     the coupled ends are connected to the other of the first and second
     terminals. In this manner, the sensor can be made small in size and the
     resistivity against noise is enhanced."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer assembly in which the thin film MR
     layer is longitudinally biased only in the passive regions by exchange
     bias developed by a thin film of antiferromagnetic material that is
     deposited in direct contact with and continuously covering a thin film of
     soft magnetic material which extends across the transducer assembly. The
     longitudinal bias is developed by exchange coupling between the thin film
     of antiferromagnetic material and both the MR layer and the thin film of
     soft magnetic material in the passive regions. However, the thin film of
     soft magnetic material is separated from the MR layer in the active region
     only of the MR layer by a decoupling layer which interrupts the exchange
     coupling so that transverse bias is produced only in the active region
     upon connection of a bias source to conductor leads which are connected to
     the MR layer within the passive region. The transverse bias is produced in
     that part of the active region of the MR layer in which the bias/sense
     current and the decoupling layer are both present. Upon connection of a
     signal sensing means to the conductor leads, an output signal is sensed
     which detects resistance changes in the MR layer as a function of the
     fields which are intercepted by the MR layer."
"An encoder unit comprising an object to be detected having a track having a
     first region with a magnetization pattern at a predetermined pitch and a
     second region having no periodic magnetization pattern, and a detector
     having a magnetoresistance effect element arranged in the direction which
     intersects the direction of the magnetic flux of the magnetization pattern
     and in opposed relationship with the object to be detected. The encoder
     unit is simple in construction yet capable of detecting the position of
     the object to be detected with a higher degree of accuracy than
     conventional encoders."
"In a magnetoresistive sensor having a magnetoresistive effect element which
     is held between two sheets of high permeability magnetic ferrite with
     insulating layers interposed between them, a ferromagnetic metal film is
     provided adherently to the high permeability magnetic ferrite between the
     ferrite and the insulating layer, a rise in temperature of the
     magnetoresistive effect element thereby being held down and a reproduced
     waveform being made sharp, and thus the characteristics of the element
     being improved with the life thereof prolonged."
"An improved twin track read/write head structure that is differential in
     its response, thereby eliminating common mode noise signals is described.
     It also has a low electrical offset, increased linearity and reduction or
     elimination of any bias fields interfering with the magnetic recording
     medium. The structure utilizes a dual coupled film magneto resistive
     sensor bridging the legs of two magnetically permeable coupling members so
     that the dual magnetic sensors are in a series magnetic circuit with the
     coupling members. The dual coupled film magnetic sensors are connected
     together in a center tapped arrangement and are oppositely magnetically
     biased. Opposing voltages changes occur when the pair are subjected to a
     magnetic flux field passing serially through them. This produces a
     differential output signal that rejects unwanted common mode noise of all
     types. In addition, during read back when the sensors are biased by a
     magnetic flux field into their sensitive range, the balanced differential
     structure of the head presents equal magneto motive forces at both ends of
     the sensor where they connect to the flux coupling legs. As a consequence,
     there is no net flux available at the other ends of the coupling legs and
     no flux is coupled to the media."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read head in which an insulator layer defines the
     effective track width over which the read head is sensitive. The insulator
     layer is deposited or patterned to extend a predetermined distance over
     the MR element, and the predetermined distance is chosen equal to the
     desired track width. Conductor leads are deposited in contact with the
     regions of the MR element not covered by the insulator layer with the
     conductor leads extending up to, and possibly overlapping, the edges of
     the insulator layer so that the read signal is sensed over the length of
     the MR element covered by the insulator layer."
"An improved thin film magnetoresistive (MR) sensor uses an iron-manganese
     (FeMn) alloy, with the alpha (body-centered-cubic) phase of FeMn present
     in the alloy, as an antiferromagnetic layer. The presence of alpha FeMn
     improves the longitudinal exchange bias in the ferromagnetic MR layer,
     especially when the amount of alpha FeMn exceeds the amount of gamma
     (face-centered-cubic) FeMn in the FeMn layer."
"An RF probe for acquiring MR data comprising four loop means. There are
     first and second loop means that are substantially round, centered about a
     longitudinal axis of said probe and spaced apart substantially the length
     of said probe to define a cylindrical shape therebetween. There are third
     and fourth loop means being substantially saddle shaped spaced apart,
     oppositely disposed and extending between said first and second loop
     means. Conductors attached to said first and second loop means at points
     on said first and second loop means spaced apart by 180 degrees couple
     said third and fourth loop means to said first and second loop means to
     form a point of psuedo-saddle coils providing extremely homogenous
     signals."
"A time-of-flight magnetic resonance pulse sequence is used to detect
     arterial flow in an image of a slice of tissue. By timing the pulse
     sequence with the cardiac cycle and by holding the interpulse interval
     T.sub.I within time limits which ensure enhancement without significant
     change in flow velocity, arterial flow can be imaged. By triggering the
     pulse sequence from the QRS complex representative of the beginning of a
     body's cardiac cycle and delaying both excitation and detection pulses in
     the sequence by a time T.sub.A to ensure the pulses occur while flow is
     slow, MR signal data is generated which results in an image showing
     enhancement in the areas of arterial flow. In an extension of the
     foregoing, a second set of MR signal data is generated by adjusting the
     acquisition delay T.sub.A such that the excitation and detection pulses of
     a second sequence occur while arterial flow is fast. In the image formed
     from this second set of data, the increased arterial flow velocity
     decreases the enhanced image of the arteries. The images generated from
     the MR signals of the first and second sequences may be subtracted in
     order to give a single high contrast image showing only arterial flow."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer assembly in which the thin film MR
     layer is longitudinally biased directly only in the end regions by
     exchange bias developed by a thin film of antiferromagnetic material that
     is deposited in direct contact only in the end regions of the MR layer. A
     thin film of soft magnetic material extends across only the central region
     of the MR layer. However, the thin film of soft magnetic material is
     separated from the MR layer by a decoupling layer which interrupts the
     exchange coupling so that transverse bias is produced only in the central
     region upon connection of a bias source to spaced conductor leads which
     are connected to the MR layer. The transverse bias is produced in that
     part of the central region of the MR layer in which the bias current and
     the decoupling layer are both present. Upon connection of a signal sensing
     means to the conductor leads, an output signal is sensed which detects
     resistance changes in the MR layer as a function of the fields which are
     intercepted by the MR layer."
"A magneto-optical light switching element comprising islands which are
     formed from an epitaxial layer on the basis of bismuth-substituted rare
     earth metal iron garnet, which layer is provided on a magnetically
     unordered, optically transparent, (111)-oriented garnet substrate,
     integrated heating resistors being provided on the islands which are
     surrounded by a coil, the epitaxial layer being grown from a melt which
     contains lead oxide and boron oxide as a flux, the boron content of the
     melt used for growing the epitaxial layer being in the range from 12.7 to
     25 at % (cation content) and the coil being constructed as an integrated
     coil."
"A magnetoresistive device includes a magnetoresistive film made of
     permalloy alloy. This thin film is formed on a substrate by sputtering or
     vapor deposition method. Thereafter, the thin film is heated to a
     temperature between 200.degree. C. and 350.degree. C. by flowing an
     electric current therethrough or irradiating the thin film with an
     electron or laser beam. It is desirable that the heat treatment is
     effected in an alternating magnetic field. The permalloy alloy may contain
     at least one element including Rh, Ru, Mo, Cr and V."
"On the transmitting side of a facsimile system, a predictive picture signal
     x.sub.ij of a pel (i, j) is obtained, taking account of predictive picture
     signals of pels prior to the pel (i, j), which have been previously
     obtained. A two-level transposition signal d.sub.ij is determined in
     accordance with the predetermined on the basis of an actual picture signal
     x.sub.ij, the predictive picture signal x.sub.ij and a dither threshold
     t.sub.ij. The thus obtained transposition signal d.sub.ij is encoded by
     use of the MH or MR coding method and transmitted to a receiving side of
     the facsimile system. Compared with the conventional case, in which a
     dither signal z.sub.ij itself is encoded and transmitted, the
     transposition signal d.sub.ij can be considerably compressed, when it is
     encoded for transmission by use of the MH or MR coding method."
"A magnetic recording medium is provided on a rotary drum and is divided
     into a plurality of magnetic tracks. On each track is recorded a magnetic
     signal of a combination of a magnetization portion which consists of two
     consecutive unit magnets (pitch .lambda.) and a no-magnetization portion
     having the same length (2.lambda.) that are alternatingly arranged over
     the whole periphery of the track. First magnetoresistive elements in the
     magnetic sensor are arranged in pairs so as to be opposed to the magnetic
     tracks maintaining a distance of .lambda./2. Second magnetoresistive
     elements opposed to the magnetic track that correponds to the lowest-order
     bit of position detecting signals, are arranged in a number of
     ##EQU1##
     for the first magnetoresistive element maintaining a distance of
     ##EQU2##
      wherein SM.sub.L denotes the length of the magnetic signal of the
     magnetic track, m denotes the number of the increased bits (0&lt;m.ltoreq.2),
     and n denotes an integer (0.ltoreq.n&lt;2). Thus, detecting signals are
     obtained in a bit number in excess of the number of the magnetic tracks."
"A multi-channel magnetoresistance effect type magnetic head has a short
     wavelength region magnetic head element and a relatively longer wavelength
     region magnetic head element. The two head elements are provided on a
     magnetic substrate with each having a magnetic circuit containing a
     magnetic gap facing a surface adjacent to and across from a magnetic
     recording medium. Each magnetic circuit has a discontinuity portion with a
     bridging magnetoresistance effect sensing element to magnetically connect
     the discontinuity portion. The longer wavelength magnetic head
     discontinuity portion is spaced at a greater distance from the adjacent
     surface than is the discontinuity portion of the shorter wavelength
     magnetic head element."
"The disclosed device prevents the adverse effect of self-demagnetization
     from occurring at a continuous long coded part on a code plate arranged to
     permit detection of an absolute position. A magnetoresistive displacement
     sensor and signal processing circuit is arranged to have the code composed
     of magnetic domains of opposite polarities. A plurality of heads are
     arranged to slide over the coded part. The output signals of these heads
     are processed through a signal processing circuit."
"An improved thin film magnetoresistive (MR) sensor uses an alloy comprising
     Fe, Mn and Cr as an antiferromagnetic layer to provide a longitudinal
     exchange bias in the ferromagnetic MR layer. Sufficient exchange biasing
     is provided and the FeMnCr layer exhibits excellent corrosion resistance."
"A yoke-type magneto-resistive head employs a thin magnetic film structure
     to bridge a gap in the flux conducting structure of the head and thereby
     sense magnetic flux. The invention provided means for reducing the
     magnetic reluctance of the interface between the magnetic film structures
     and the flux conducting structure of the head, to improve the coupling of
     magnetic flux from the flux conducting structure to the magnetic film
     structure and thereby increase the sensitivity of the magneto-resistive
     head."
"When applying a bias field in the direction of the easy axis of
     magnetization of a signal field-detecting MR element assembly, a leakage
     magnetic field of a magnetic recording medium adapted to generate a signal
     field is applied as the desired bias field without using any exclusive
     bias field application device. The magnetic recording medium and the
     thin-film MR element assembly are arranged in a manner that they make a
     predetermined angle."
"A memory cell having a plurality of storage structures in a differential
     arrangement. Two multilayered magnetoresistive memory cells are placed in
     a bridge arrangement with two impedance devices. The memory cells have one
     bridge juncture in common. Switches are connected to at least two of the
     four bridge junctures to permit the writing or reading of the magnetic
     state of the storage cells. The bridge arrangement combined with the
     appropriate switching action allows for a near doubling of the magnitude
     of the output sense signal while reducing the noise component of such
     signal."
"Safety mechanism for locks (electronic lock) comprising a pick-up
     performing the function of a key and a sensor performing the function of a
     lock part. The pick-up is provided with a pre-determined surface
     arrangement of magnetically permeable, preferably inactive material in the
     form of soft-iron pins forming exciting elements, which forms a code. For
     detecting the code of the pick-up, the sensor is provided with an
     arrangement of sensor elements in a surface matrix of the same geometrical
     extension, which sensor elements can be varied as to their ohmic
     resistance by a change in the distribution of the magnetic field lines and
     take the form of magnetically controllable magneto-resistors. The
     magneto-resistors are set up, preferably, in the manner of an integrated
     circuit. The magneto-resistors are followed by comparators which are
     suitably wired to store the code word in an unerasable manner and which in
     the presence of a correct pick-up code assume an output potential driving
     an evaluator circuit connected to its output to release a locking
     mechanism."
"A yoke type magnetic transducer head utilizing a magnetoresistance effect
     in which a magnetoresistance effect sensing portion is provided so as to
     magnetically couple a cut-away portion in a magnetic circuit including an
     operation gap and a magnetic yoke having in its one portion the cut-away
     portion and in which a first bias magnetic field is applied to the
     magnetoresistance effect sensing portion by a first magnetic flux that is
     generated when a current is flowed through the magnetoresistance effect
     sensing portion, or when a current is flowed through both the
     magnetoresistance effect sensing portion and a bias conductor, which
     includes a hard magnetic layer for generating a second magnetic flux by
     which a second bias magnetic field is applied to the magnetoresistance
     effect sensing portion and for passing through the magnetic yoke a
     magnetic flux which cancels at least a part of the first magnetic flux
     which passes through the magnetic yoke."
"A magnetic head using an MR element and a permanent magnet for applying a
     bias magnetic field to the MR element, and a lead frame of the head. A
     sheet of metal is punched or otherwise shaped in a predetermined pattern
     to produce the lead frame. The lead frame includes sections mounting the
     MR element and permanent magnet, lead connecting sections electrically
     connected to connecting sections of the MR element, and tape-contact
     sections which are flush with a tape-contact surface of the MR element.
     The lead frame mounted with the MR element and permanent magnet and
     provided with the lead connecting sections is placed in a metal mold
     having a predetermined configuration and buried and fixed in place in
     synthetic resin."
"A high resolution positioning sensor having a magnetic field generator, a
     device connected to the magnetic field generator for concentrating lines
     of magnetic flux produced by the magnetic field generator, and a magneto
     resistive element connected to the concentrating device. The magneto
     resistive element is adapted to change resistive properties as a function
     of magnetic flux density. A reference position scale is also provided,
     having a transducer grid with a number of protuberances. Two flux couplers
     are connected to the magneto resistive element and are arranged out of
     phase with one another with respect to the protuberances of the transducer
     grid. These flux couplers modulate flux distribution between the
     concentrating device and the transducer grid."
"A displacement sensing device includes a sensor of magnetoresistance
     elements located opposite to a magnetic scale, and is adapted to measure a
     relative amount of movement between the magnetic scale and the sensor
     through the use of a variation in a resistive value of the
     magnetoresistance elements due to the effect of a magnetic pattern on the
     magnetic scale. The sensor includes magnetoresistance element sections
     comprised of a first pair of magnetoresistance elements and a second pair
     of magnetoresistance elements of a pitch different from that of the first
     pair of magnetoresistance elements. The magnetoresistance element sections
     are selectively used in accordance with the pitch of the magnetic pattern
     on the magnetic scale."
"A method and a device for the composition of an MR image with
     respiration-controlled recording of the spin echoes. The phase coding
     gradient of an MR equipment is stepped as a function of a motion phase of
     the respiratory motion once per respiration cycle. With a constant phase
     coding gradient several scans, possibly EKG-triggered, are then recorded
     within the respiration cycle. The spin echo signals recorded for each scan
     are stored in a first memory. In a second memory, the amplitude of the
     respiratory motion at the respective scan moment is stored. Then a
     comparison of all stored amplitude of the respiratory motion with a
     reference value R is made. For the composition of the MR image only that
     scan per respiration cycle is used for which the respective amplitude of
     the respiratory motion fulfills a given criterion with respect to the
     reference value R."
"A magnetic detector of the present invention employs magneto-resistive
     elements and detects magnetic teeth of an object to be detected, and more
     particularly, a constant DC magnetic field is supplied to the
     magneto-resistive elements in such a way so as to avoid a non-linear
     region of the DC magnetic field to permit the use of such elements in the
     region exhibiting good linearity. The present invention provides the DC
     magnetic field to the magneto-resistive elements by employing a simple
     structure wherein the magneto-resistive elements are arranged inclined
     relative to the magnetic field defined between a permanent magnet and the
     magnetic teeth. Furthermore, the magneto-resistive elements having two
     phases delayed by .pi./2 are used in a half-bridge so as to improve the
     stability, waveform distortion, etc. with respect to the temperature of
     the detected signal."
"A pressure transducer having a magnetoresistive element and a magnet
     displaced with a diaphragm. A magnet supporting device is mounted on an
     element supporting device both for slidable movement in the
     displacement-direction of the magnet and for rotatable movement about an
     axis in the direction, so that the pressure transducer is capable of
     having a O-point adjustment and a magnetic sensitivity adjustment made
     independently of each other without interaction between the two when the
     transducer is assembled."
"A magnetoresistive random access memory array and signal processing system
     which provides an improved signal to noise ratio. The basic memory complex
     associated with the storage of a single binary digit is a quad of memory
     elements or cells which are addressed in complementary fashion. The
     enhanced read-out signal discrimination is had by utilizing a
     double-correlated double-sampling differential signal processing system in
     which complementary data is serially passed through the same path with
     repeated high-speed differencing which greatly reduces nonuniformity fixed
     patterns as well as correlated low frequency temporal noise."
"An MRI system includes an MR signal acquisition section, an imaging
     processing section, a control signal generating section, and a control
     section. The MR signal acquisition section excites an MR phenomenon in a
     portion including a selected slice of an object to be examined, and
     detects MR signals generated by the MR phenomenon. The imaging processing
     section processes the MR signals to form an image based on MR data in the
     selected slice of the object. The control signal generating section
     generates a control signal for acquiring the MR signals in response to
     movement of the object. The control section controls the MR excitation
     operation and the MR signal acquisition operation of the MR signal
     acquisition section in accordance with the control signal."
"Magneto-optical printing head for generating a grey-scale image on a
     recording substrate has a magneto-optical light-switching mask with
     light-switching elements which are switched thermomagnetically by the
     simultaneous positive or negative effect of heat pulses selectively
     generated from thin-film resistors applied to the light-switching
     elements. A magnetic field is applied to a coil between two possible
     states with in each case the direction of magnetization either parallel or
     antiparallel to the surface normals, whereby individual time control of
     the light-switching elements in n possible steps is effected by the single
     switching of all light-switching elements into the (first) starting state
     by the action of the positive magnetic field generated by the coil and
     subsequent switching into the second state by means of a second static
     magnetic field whose direction is opposite to that of the magnetic field
     of the coil, and by the action of heat pulses of n-1 point in time. The
     static magnetic field is generated by an arrangement of permanent magnets
     situated close to the light-switching elements."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer assembly in which the thin film MR
     layer is longitudinally biased only in the end regions by exchange bias
     developed by a thin film of antiferromagnetic material that is deposited
     in direct contact only in the end regions of the MR layer and a thin film
     of soft magnetic material which extends across the transducer assembly.
     The longitudinal bias is developed by exchange coupling between the thin
     film of antiferromagnetic material and both the MR layer and the thin film
     of soft magnetic material in the end regions. However, the thin film of
     soft magnetic material is separated from the MR layer in the central
     region only of the MR layer by a decoupling layer which interrupts the
     exchange coupling so that transverse bias is produced only in the central
     region upon connection of a bias source to conductor leads which are
     connected to the MR layer within the end region. The transverse bias is
     produced in that part of the central region of the MR layer in which the
     bias current and the decoupling layer are both present. Upon connection of
     a signal sensing means to the conductor leads, an output signal is sensed
     which detects resistance changes in the MR layer as a function of the
     fields which are intercepted by the MR layer."
"An apparatus and method are disclosed which provide signals corresponding
     to physiological motion of an imaging slice in an MR system for use in
     synchronizing acquisition of MR data with movement of the slice. The
     signals are generated by initiating an incident signal of a frequency
     .omega. which interacts with the imaging slice and returns a reflected
     signal of a frequency .omega.. By mixing the incident and reflected
     signal, a baseband signal is generated which is indicative of changes in
     the phase and magnitude relationships between the signals. Because changes
     in the phase and magnitude relationships between the signals are related
     in an approximately linear manner to movement of the imaging slice, the
     baseband signal provides an indication of movement of the imaging slice of
     sufficient quality to serve as an accurate triggering signal to
     synchronize acquistion of MR data with movement of the imaging slice."
"Method and apparatus for magnetoresistive (MR) head biasing and output
     signal detection for reading data recorded in magnetic media. The MR head
     may be biased by constant current or constant voltage, and an output
     signal, proportional to the ratio of the instantaneous value of the change
     in MR head resistance to total MR head resistance when exposed to the
     magnetic field of the media, is detected."
"A magnetoresistive sensor used for emitting of electric signals in
     dependency on the position or the speed of a ferromagnetic body includes
     magnetoresistive measuring strips (10) on a substrate (12) which are
     exposed to a stationary magnetic field (H) such that a large field
     component (H.sub.y) extends perpendicular to the measuring strips and a
     substantially smaller field component (H.sub.x) in the plane of the
     measuring strips and at an angle of about 45.degree. to the direction of a
     measuring current flowing through the measuring strips. By approaching a
     ferromagnetic body (14) to the stationary field (H) additional field
     components (H.sub.z and H.sub.t) start acting on the measuring strips. The
     magnetic field component H.sub.t generated in the plane of the measuring
     strips changes in dependency on the position or speed of the ferromagnetic
     body and affects measuring current accordingly."
"For increasing the sensitivity of an MR apparatus when measuring
     comparatively high frequencies, the radio frequency excitation measurement
     coil (10, 30) is divided into two individual symmetrically drivable and
     readable coil halves (32, 34), respectively. The mutual connection of
     central connections of the coil halves can be realized by means of a balun
     (54) but for this purpose any other symmetrical form of coupling, for
     example using a strip-line transformer (70) or suitably dimensioned
     coaxial cables (60, 62) may alternatively be used."
"A transimpedance amplifier for biasing and amplifying the signals produced
     by a magnetoresistive element is provided. Electrically, the resistance of
     the element is disposed as degenerative feedback in the emitter circuit of
     a differential pair comprising the input stage of the amplifier. Bias
     current for the element is supplied by the same current source that
     supplies current to the differential pair. DC feedback to the input stage
     balances current flow in both paths of the differential input stage to
     correct for DC offset arising in the output from variations transistor
     characteristics and the steady-state value of the magnetoresistive
     element. The amplified signal, representing .DELTA.R.sub.h /R.sub.h, is
     sensed as a current through the magnetoresistive element, where
     .DELTA.R.sub.h is the change in steady-state resistance, R.sub.h, of the
     element."
"A magnetoresistance effect type magnetic transducer head apparatus
     comprises a magnetoresistance effect sensing element, means for applying a
     high-frequency magnetic field to the sensing element, means for taking-out
     an output signal from the sensing element, a filter for taking-out the
     high-frequency component of the output, and another filter for rectifying
     the output and taking-out the low-frequency component. The magnetic head
     apparatus may be constructed as a digital circuit so that a multi-channel
     apparatus can be easily implemented."
"A magnetic thin film head used for perpendicular magnetic recording and
     reproduction. The head includes a magneto-resistive element and a flux
     guide made of high permeability thin film whose one end portion faces a
     perpendicular magnetic recording medium. The magnetic flux produced by the
     magnetization signal on the perpendicular magnetic recording medium is led
     to the magneto-resistive element through the flux guide. The head also
     includes electrodes for supplying an electric current londitudinally to
     the magneto-resistive element, and high permeability members for
     introducing the magnetic flux through the magneto-resistive element back
     to the perpendicular magnetic recording medium. The head further includes
     a exciting means for the flux guide."
"A synchronizing device for the selection of individual knitting needles in
     a straight and circular knitting machine to operate according to a desired
     knitting pattern includes a synchronizing rail of a magnetizable material
     arranged on a stationary selection needle bed and cooperating with a
     magneto-resistive sensor arranged on a circulating knitting carriage. The
     sensor includes a permanent magnet whose magnetix flux is directed
     perpendicularly to the synchronizing rail, and four magneto-resistive webs
     arranged side by side in the magnetic flux and at right angles to the
     direction of circulation of the carriage. The webs are connected in a
     bridge circuit generating positive and negative analog signals which are
     compared in comparators with fixed threshold values to generate leading
     and trailing synchronizing pulses. An additional comparator is provided
     for detecting the direction of circulation of the carriages."
"A magnetoresistance effect type magnetic head apparatus has a
     magnetoresistance effect sensing element, means for applying a bias
     magnetic field to the sensing element, a detecting circuit for obtaining a
     detecting signal, a low pass filter for deriving an unwanted signal
     component from the detecting signal, and means for applying a cancelling
     magnetic field to the sensing element so as to eliminate the unwanted
     signal component. An additional sensing element may also be provided to
     detect an external magnetic field, and a corresponding signal is generated
     which is applied to a first sensing element so as to cancel the effects of
     the external magnetic field."
"To lessen thermal noise in a magneto-resistive head employing a slotted
     magneto-resistive sensing element, the present invention provides for such
     element to be plated with a highly thermally conductive film (e.g. gold,
     silver, copper, aluminum, etc.) exclusively in the slotted portion of the
     element. By restricting such plating to the slotted portion of the sensing
     element, the film thereon will be precluded from electrically short
     circuiting the magneto-resistive sensing element . . . while, at the same
     time, serving as an energy-spreading heat sink."
"A magnetic head utilizing the magnetoresistance effect comprising a
     magnetoresistance effect element and a conductor for applying a bias
     magnetic field to the element by being supplied with a bias current. The
     conductor is further supplied with a decaying alternating current
     superimposed on the bias current in advance of the playback operation, so
     that the hysteresis effect of the magnetic circuit is cancelled and the
     invariable output characteristics of the magnetic head are obtained."
"A position-detecting sensor comprises a magnetic recording medium carried
     on a moving object and having a signal track recording a magnetic signal,
     a first MR element disposed nearby the magnetic recording medium and
     varying its internal resistance by sensing the magnetism of the magnetic
     recording medium, and a magnetic sensor electrically picking up resistance
     variation of the MR element and detecting the magnetic signal of the
     magnetic recording medium. In the position-detecting sensor, the present
     invention is arranged by providing a second magnetic signal track on the
     magnetic recording medium in addition to the signal track, disposing a
     second MR element nearby the second magnetic signal track. The variation
     of a gap between the magnetic recording medium and the magnetic sensor is
     detected as resistance variation of the second MR element. And the
     detected signal is serviceable as correcting the output picked up by the
     first MR element."
"A magnetic transducer head utilizing magnetoresistance effect having a
     circuit for applying a constant voltage to outer ends of at least one pair
     of magnetoresistance effect elements provided in series on a discontinuous
     portion other than a magnetic gap of a magnetic core forming a magnetic
     gap and a conductor arrangement for applying bias magnetic fields opposite
     in polarity to the magnetoresistance effect elements, respectively wherein
     an output is derived from a connected point between the pair of
     magnetoresistance effect elements."
"Disclosed is an improved method and apparatus for sensing magnetic
     reluctance variations. The invention may be used for magnetic ink
     character reading, such as is employed on bank checks, or for any of a
     variety of magnetic reluctance pickup applications. An improved magnetic
     reluctance sensor head utilizes an essentially U or C-shaped magnetically
     permeable member having a magnetizing coil encircling it. The coil is
     arranged to deliver essentially a constant magnetic flux to the U or
     C-shaped member. The tips of the U or C are placed adjacent to the element
     whose variation of reluctance is to be detected and a magneto resistive or
     other similar magnetic sensor is connected in the magnetic circuit either
     in parallel or in series with the variable reluctance which is to be
     sensed."
"In a magnetic resonance imaging system, a reference sample made of material
     including predetermined atomic nuclei to be tomographed is disposed on the
     side of an object under inspection in a tomographing field (an area to be
     tomographed) of an MR image. In collecting projection data by detecting
     the MR signal, the magnitude of the projection data on the reference
     sample is detected. A substantial gain of an MR signal amplifying section
     is adjusted according to the detected magnitude."
"A magnetoresistive (MR) read transducer assembly in which the thin film MR
     layer is longitudinally biased only in the end regions by exchange bias
     developed by a thin film of antiferromagnetic material that is deposited
     in direct contact with the MR layer in the end regions. The longitudinal
     bias is of a level sufficient to maintain the end regions of the MR layer
     in a single domain state and thereby induce a single domain state in the
     central region of the MR layer. Transverse bias is produced within the
     central region of the MR layer of a level sufficient to maintain that
     region of the MR layer in a linear response mode. Spaced conductive
     elements are connected to the MR layer within the central region to define
     a detection region so that signal output means connected to the conductive
     elements can determine the resistance changes in the detection region of
     the MR layer as a function of the fields which are intercepted by the MR
     layer."
"Disclosed is a magnetic transducer using a magnetoresistance effect,
     comprising a magnetoresistive film, a hard magnetic film for applying a
     transverse biasing magnetic field thereto, and a conductive film through
     which current for applying the transverse biasing magnetic field to the
     magnetoresistive film flows. The conductive film may be either in
     electrical contact with or in electrical insulation from the
     magnetoresistive film. In this magnetic transducer, even when the heights
     of the respective constituents have changed, the transverse biasing
     magnetic field to be applied does not change considerably, and an optimum
     bias field strength is readily attained."
"In a magnetic head which utilizes the magnetoresistive effect of a
     ferromagnetic thin film, it is possible to realize a magnetoresistive
     effect type thin film magnetic head with favorable secondary distortion
     characteristics by forming on at least one surface of the ferromagnetic
     thin film, a grating forming an angle larger than 60.degree. and smaller
     than 80.degree. with respect to the direction of the electric current
     flowing through the thin film. By setting the grating into more than two
     different directions, a magnetic head capable of functioning at a still
     smaller distortion is presented."
"A magnetroresistive element formed by laminating a plurality of metallic
     magnetoresistance effect films having magnetostriction of different signs
     on a substrate. The magnetoresistive element can be formed to exhibit zero
     magnetostriction or to exhibit magnetostriction of any desired value.
     Further, the magnetoresistive element exhibits magnetostriction that
     changes little with the change in the film composition. The metallic
     magnetoresistance effect films preferably have positive and negative
     magnetostriction with an absolute value not greater than
     15.times.10.sup.-6."
"A magnetoresistive type thin film magnetic head is completely unaffected by
     external noise and produces only low interference with a recording medium.
     A magnetoresistive element which constitutes the thin film magnetic head
     has three terminals constituted by two end terminals and an intermediate
     terminal. Constant currents which flow in opposite directions are
     respectively supplied to the two end terminals. A magnetic field of a
     signal recorded on and reproduced from a single track of the recording
     medium is applied to the magnetoresistive element, and reproduction
     outputs of opposite phases appear at the two end terminals. These outputs
     are differentially amplified by a differential amplifier. Furthermore, the
     magnetoresistive element is biased by an induced magnetic anisotropy means
     in a predetermined direction."
"A printed coil unit for use in a very thin type flat brushless motor or a
     linear actuator, in which a magnetic sensor element having a thickness
     smaller than 0.6 mm is embedded integrally within the coil unit without
     projecting therefrom in a region located outside and in the vicinity of
     spiral conductor coil patterns. The printed coil unit includes a single
     printed coil sheet or a lamination of such coil sheets each having more
     than one spiral conductor patterns on the same plane. A magnetic sensor
     element, such as Hall element or magneto-resistance element having a
     thickness equal to or smaller than that of the printed coil sheet is
     embedded within the coil sheet at blank regions located between adjacent
     spiral conductor patterns, or regions made availably by diminishing the
     size of a selected one of the spiral conductor patterns. A moving speed
     detecting coil or patterned conductor can be additionally provided on the
     other available area of the coil sheet."
"A thin film magnetic head for reproducing perpendicular magnetization
     comprising an operative surface disposed to face a recording medium, a
     thin film magnetization detection portion including a magneto-resistive
     element perpendicular to the operative surface of the head with one side
     edge of the magnetization detection portion being exposed to the operative
     surface, ferromagnetic material with one end thereof being magnetically
     coupled to the side edge portion of the thin film magnetization detection
     portion most distant from said operative surface and with the other end
     thereof being exposed to the operative surface, and a non-magnetic
     material disposed in an area defined by the thin film magnetization
     detection portion, the ferromagnetic material and the operative surface,
     wherein the distance between the thin film magnetization detection portion
     and the ferromagnetic material at said operative surface is at least five
     times the distance between the end of the ferromagnetic material
     magnetically coupled to the side edge portions of the thin film
     magnetization detection portion and the operative surface."
"Given a medium comprised of a vertically recordable underlying region of a
     magnetic material and a cooperating overlying region of horizontally
     recordable material, the invention calls for the pre-recording of such
     tracking information, in the underlying region, that between adjacent
     tracks there occurs a vertically disposed flux reversal in the underlying
     region, each such track being approximately the width of a playback core
     disposed to read data recorded in the overlying region. Deposited on the
     side face of the playback core, in accordance with the invention, is a
     magneto-resistive element. So long as the playback core is on-track, the
     magneto-resistive element ""sees"" equal vertical fields on either side of
     the track edge; but should the playback core start to mistrack, the
     magneto-resistive element will see vertical flux of one or another
     polarity. Such polarized vertical flux translates into a corresponding
     resistance change in the magneto-resistive element which, in turn, is
     employed to correct the mistracking."
"A magnetic head for perpendicularly magnetizing a magnetic recording medium
     having a first magnetic pole to reverse the magnetization in the magnetic
     recording medium which has been magnetized beforehand in a certain
     direction, and a second magnetic pole to control reversal of the
     magnetization in the recording medium effected by the first pole. This
     construction (1) provides a high density multi-track structure in the
     head; (2) increases reproduction output, while lessening influence thereon
     due to a spacing loss by use of a magnetic material and a
     magneto-resistive element for the respective magnetic poles; (3) provides
     lower power consumption and fringe effect noise, and smooth running of the
     recording medium by constructing the first magnetic pole with a permanent
     magnet, particularly, in cylindrical form; (4) miniaturizes the magnetic
     head by reducing the number of the parts, by making one of the magnetic
     poles the first and second auxiliary magnetic poles, and forming an
     erasing magnetic pole with the first auxiliary magnetic pole, to improve
     the writing efficiency; (5) simplifies manufacturing, improves
     wear-resistance of the poles, and provides high density recording by
     forming the permanent magnet in a thin film on the recording medium
     sliding surface of the first magnetic pole by thin film deposition; and
     (6) prevents cross-talk by providing a load-sharing type winding on one of
     the poles to reduce the number of windings, and by giving an azimuth angle
     to the magnetic pole, and improves recording efficiency by connecting both
     poles."
"A magnetic head assembly includes a magnetoresistive (MR) element for
     reading magnetically recorded information from a record medium. The MR
     element comprises an elongated member having a predetermined height and a
     plurality of elongated attachments which are contiguous with and made of
     the same material as the MR element. The elongated attachments have a
     predetermined width and a predetermined spacing and the attachments are
     unidirectionally magnetized along their length so that a bias is produced
     to maintain the MR sensor in a single domain state and to obtain a
     substantially linear component in the MR response in the MR element so
     that Barkhausen noise is suppressed and so that previously recorded
     information is read from the medium with optimum sensitivity."
"An improved body probe for use in high field Mr data acquisition systems
     having a two feed balanced inductor circuit using series capacitors to
     control the effect of stray capacitance and coupling resistors connected
     across the coil approximately mid-way between the two feed points. This
     arrangement is superior to prior art body probes operating in whole body
     high field MR imagers."
"A magnetoresistance element is arranged in a plane parallel to the end face
     of a PG yoke and is situated on the outer side of a circle described by
     revolution of the PG yoke end face and in close proximity to the end face
     to detect a characteristic flux component emitted from the PG yoke end
     face. The magnetoresistance element is disposed in such a manner that an
     acute angle is formed between the direction of a current flowing in the
     element and a normal line extending from the axis of rotation of a
     recording medium. A flux component hardly influenced by the area of the PG
     yoke end face is thus detected."
"A multitrack magneto-resistive head is comprised of an array of thin-film
     yoke-type core structures. In the back gap of each such core structure,
     there is a sense-current-carrying magneto-resistive flux responsive
     element. To prevent excessive sense current flow, and insensitivity as
     caused thereby, the invention teaches that slotting of the
     magneto-resistive element in the region thereof where such element
     connects into such back gap will alleviate both such problems."
"A remote indication compass, a sensor of which is formed by a magnetic
     compass (1) and magnetoresistive sensors (2) attached thereto, by means of
     which sensors the field created by the magnetic compass is measured. The
     signal of the sensors is analogous as well as cyclic with respect to the
     angle between the fastening plate of the sensors and the northern
     direction indicated by the magnetic compass, the length of a cycle being
     360.degree.. The angle between the sensors is selected in such a manner
     that the flat areas of the signals do not coincide.
The sensor signals are amplified and digitalized and scaled. The
     determination of direction is carried out by comparing the sensor readings
     to tabulated sensor readings corresponding to different directions or
     alternatively by comparing the ratio of the sensor readings to the ratios
     of the tabulated sensor readings. The direction data so obtained is
     further corrected by means of a deviation correction table created in the
     operating condition and stored in a memory."
"An improved magnetic tape transducer of the type having both a write head
     and a read head in the same assembly, includes asymmetrical shields
     disposed on either side of a magnetoresistive element comprising the read
     head in order to reduce magnetic feedthrough between the write head and
     the read head. The shield upon the side of the magnetoresistive element
     which is closer to the write head has a thinner cross-section than the
     shield on the other side, thereby balancing the amount of coupled flux
     from the write head and reducing the resultant feedthrough."
"A magnetic detector for detecting the angle, position speed of rotation of
     a rotating body or the rectinear position, distance or speed of a
     rectinearly moving body is used opposite to a magnetic recording medium.
     The magnetic detector includes a plurality of elongated stripe-shaped
     magnetoresistive elements juxtaposed on a non-magnetic substrate. Bridge
     output terminals are provided adjoining to first identical ends of the
     respective magnetoresistive elements in the longitudinal directions
     thereof while common terminals are disposed adjoining to second ends of
     the magnetoresistive elements. Either bridge output or common terminals
     extend round the outside of the magnetoresistive elements to positions
     adjacent to the common or bridge output terminals. Thus, the total width
     of the magnetoresistive elements pattern can be greatly reduced, thereby
     providing a magnetic detector of high performance in which the influence
     of fluctuations of gap or spacing between the magnetic detector and the
     magnetic recording medium used together therewith."
"A thin film magnetic head for detecting, as a change in electric
     resistance, a change in signal magnetic field to be applied along the
     magnetization-hard-axis direction of a metal ferromagnetic thin film (MR
     element) having unit-axis anisotropy, which comprises a ferromagnetic
     film, which is sufficiently larger in coercive force than the metal
     ferromagnetic thin film, the ferromagnetic film being disposed on a
     superposed portion between a lead conductor portion and the metal
     ferromagnetic thin film (MR element), the metal ferromagnetic thin film
     (MR element) being coupled in ferromagnetic exchange (MR element) to the
     ferromagnetic film which is larger in coercive force. The ferromagnetic
     film is magnetized in a direction longitudinally of the MR element."
"The gated Transmission Line Model (GTLM) structure is a novel
     characterization device and measurement tool for integrated circuit
     process monitoring. This test structure has Schottky gates between the
     ohmic contacts of a TLM pattern. The gate lengths are varied and the
     gate-to- ohmic separations are kept constant to provide an accurate
     determination of several important FET channel parameters. It offers a
     precise method for measuring the FET source resistance which requires no
     parameter fitting and which works equally well on planar, self-aligned
     gate, and recessed gate FET's. In addition, the GTLM structure offers the
     only available means to measure sheet resistance of enhancement-mode FET
     channels. The gated-TLM structure can also be used to find the effective
     free surface potential. The structure may be combined with
     capacitance-voltage analysis or geometric magnetoresistance analysis to
     create mobility and doping profile of actual FET channels. Further, the
     GTLM structure may be implemented in any existing semiconductor FET
     technology, including silicon, GaAs, and modulation-doped structures."
"A circuit for detecting the position of a radio frequency (RF) coil
     assembly in a magnetic resonance (MR) scanner includes, in the preferred
     embodiment, a normally closed switch connected to ground in parallel with
     a PIN diode which forms part of a transmit/receive (T/R) switch used to
     selectively couple the RF coil assembly to an RF power amplifier and an RF
     receiver preamplifier. The switch is operable by an actuating rod mounted
     to the RF coil assembly structure, whose position is to be sensed, such
     that when the assembly is in place the switch contacts are closed, and
     open when the assembly is not in place. The opening and closing of the
     switch shunts the PIN diode in and out, respectively, of the T/R switch
     circuit, thereby changing the voltage drop across other PIN diodes in the
     circuit. This change is sensed by a comparator circuit, the output of
     which is indicative of the RF coil assembly position."
"A motion sensing means including a sensor head having a pair of
     magnetoresistive elements spaced apart less than one-half and preferably
     one-quarter of the wavelength of a cyclically varying characteristic of a
     body which is to have its motion sensed, processing means for deriving a
     sum signal and a difference signal from the sensing elements, and output
     means which receives the sum and difference signals and produces signals
     indicative of the direction of motion, velocity and relative position of
     the sensed body."
"The invention discloses a movement detecting device for detecting the
     movement state of a moving body such as a rotating body, in which a
     magnetic recording medium on which N and S magnetic poles are alternately
     recorded at a constant interval is fixed symmetrically with respect to a
     rotary shaft of a rotating body whose rotation state is to be detected,
     and an MR element comprising magnet-resistive elements is mounted at a
     fixed position relative to the magnetic recording medium so that the
     rotation state of the rotating body can be detected from variation of the
     values of resistance of the magnet-resistive elements caused by the
     rotation of the body. N and S poles are recorded on the magnetic recording
     medium with a small pole pitch P. The magnet-resistive elements are formed
     to have a width sufficiently smaller than the pole pitch. The
     magnet-resistive elements constitute a first group and a second group, the
     magnet-resistive elements of each group being disposed with an interval
     equal to the pole pitch or half the pole pitch. The magnet-resistive
     elements are disposed in such a manner that the interval between the
     groups is deviated from the pole pitch, whereby a circuit comprising these
     magnet-resistive elements can detect the rotation of the rotating body."
"An improved read-write head for twin track vertical magnetic recording is
     described. Inductive, solid state, or magneto-resistive sensors may all be
     employed with the new read-write head structure. A preferred embodiment
     utilizing a magneto-resistive coupled film sensor for read back which
     saturates to allow writing is disclosed."
"A narrow track magnetoresistive transducer has a square shaped bias
     permanent magnet superposed with an MR element. The square shaped magnet
     provides bias field components of substantially the same magnitude in both
     hard and easy axis directions of the MR element. A stable and uniform bias
     field is thereby obtained."
"In a magnetoresistive (MR) effect head, electrodes for supplying a current
     to an MR element and a bias current conductor are not exposed at a contact
     surface of the MR head which is brought into sliding contact with a
     magnetic recording medium, thus preventing surface roughening of the
     contact surface."
"A magnetic head for reading analogue information on a track of a recording
     medium associated with the magnetic head. The head has a strip of
     magnetoresistive material serving as a reading element and arranged in a
     magnetic yoke at a given distance from the pole faces formed by the ends
     of the limbs of the magnetic yoke, the strip being connected in the
     magnetic circuit formed by the magnetic yoke. The magnetic yoke comprises
     three limbs separated by non-magnetic layers. The pole face of one of the
     outer limbs is located at a greater distance from the recording medium
     than the pole faces of the central limb and the other outer limb."
"An apparatus for detecting a displacement of a magnetic sensor including
     four magnetoresistive elements with respect to a magnetic record medium
     having a magnetic track on which a magnetization pattern has been recorded
     with a given pitch is disclosed. First and second magnetoresistive
     elements are arranged side by side in a direction perpendicular to the
     direction of the magnetization pattern, and third and fourth
     magnetoresistive elements are arranged on the first and second
     magnetoresistive elements, respectively via insulating layers. The first
     and third magnetoresistive elements are mutually biased magnetically and
     second and fourth magnetoresistive elements are mutually biased
     magnetically. The first, second, third and fourth magnetoresistive
     elements are connected into a bridge circuit and diagonal points of the
     bridge circuit are connected to positive and negative inputs of a
     differential amplifier. A detection output signal representing the
     detected deviation is derived from the differential amplifier as a
     differential output."
"A fiber optic illuminating assembly for indirectly and uniformly
     illuminating the bore of a magnetic resonance (MR) scanner utilizes, in
     the preferred embodiment, a pair of plastic fiber optic bundles located in
     the bore behind a deflector element. The fiber optic bundles are made up
     of many optical fibers cut to different lengths to create point light
     sources spaced along the length of the bore. A frosted tube surrounds the
     bundle portion with the point light sources and operates to uniformly
     diffuse the light. The input ends of the fiber optic bundles are
     illuminated through an infrared mirror by a non-magnetic quartz-halogen
     light source operated from a direct current power supply to prolong
     filament life."
"A magneto-resitive playback head and a recording and reproducing device for
     reproducing a recording signal from a double-layered film type
     perpendicular magnetic recording medium. The playback head includes a
     magneto-resistive element included in high-permeability thin films and
     having one end portion facing the recording medium. The magneto-resistive
     element exhibits a magneto-resistance effect responsive to magnetic fluxes
     generated from signal magnetization in the recording medium. The head also
     includes electrodes for supplying an electric current longitudinally of
     the magneto-resistive element, and high-permeability members for
     introducing the signal magnetic fluxes passed through the
     magneto-resistive element again to the recording medium. A magnetic
     recording and reproducing device comprises the playback head, a thin film
     magnetic recording head, a recording circuit, a playback circuit, and a
     driving circuit which gives a relative motion between the medium and the
     heads."
"A method of fabricating a thin magnetic film having improved
     magnetoresistive readout characteristics as a binary memory device is
     disclosed. The film is initially formed from a metal vapor as a series of
     discrete grains upon a substrate surface that is heated to approximately
     300.degree. C. Upon continued growth of the film, the grains merge at
     their boundaries forming a continuous thin film, the grain boundary
     heights of which, e.g., 1000 .ANG., are substantially greater than the
     thickness, e.g., 320 .ANG., of the eventual thin magnetizable film. The
     thin film is then rotated while being ion milled at an oblique angle to a
     substantially uniform film thickness of e.g. 320 .ANG.."
"In this invention, an optical lens element (L1) receiving a wave beam from
     a common laser source radiating a spherical wave beam and a full
     reflection mirror (MR) having a small window (W) are employed. This
     spherical wave beam is irradiated through the small window (W) of the full
     reflection mirror (MR) onto a hologram record medium (HR1) as a subject
     wave beam (A). Also, another wave beam from the source is reflected by the
     full reflection mirror (MR) is simultaneously irradiated onto the hologram
     record medium (HR1) as a reference wave beam (B). Thus, an inline hologram
     lens (IN-L) is produced having a large numerical aperture."
"A magnetic detection apparatus for use in an encoder includes a first
     magnetic sensor for detecting an external magnetic field and a second
     magnetic sensor for detecting a signal magnetic field. The first magnetic
     sensor is constructed by two magnetoresistive elements and a conductive
     layer arranged therebetween for applying a magnetic bias thereto. The
     second magnetic sensor is constructed by two magnetoresistive elements,
     first conductive layer arranged therebetween for applying a magnetic bias
     thereto and second conductive layer arranged on one side of two
     magnetoresistive elements for canceling an effect of the external magnetic
     field by feeding back a differential output derived from the first
     magnetic sensor thereto. In such a construction, it is possible to derive
     from the second magnetic sensor only a signal representing the signal
     magnetic field without being affected by the external magnetic field."
"The invention teaches that if a ""shorted"" electrically conductive
     turn--deposited on a magnetic substrate--is employed to sense recorded
     signal flux, then the underlying substrate will efficiently support flux
     induced about the shorted turn . . . and such induced flux will correspond
     proportionately to the recorded signal flux. In accordance with the
     invention, an MR element is so situated that it senses induced flux about
     the shorted turn at a location thereof that is remote from the medium
     whose signal flux is to be reproduced."
"A compensated measurement transducer for measuring a first current
     generates a first magnetic field of a predetermined direction which flows
     in a first circuit including a first conductor; a second current
     substantially similar to the first current is generated in a second
     circuit and the first current is measured by obtaining the value of the
     second current. The second circuit includes a compensating current
     conductor, which generates a second magnetic field, compensating the first
     magnetic field, a Wheatstone bridge to which both magnetic fields are
     applied, and an amplifier connected to the output of the Wheatstone
     bridge, and coupled to the compensating current conductor. An auxiliary
     magnetic field is applied to the Wheatstone bridge, which is connected to
     a current- or voltage-source, and includes four ferromagnetic and
     magnetoresistive thin film. The magnetic fields have a direction along the
     direction of the hard magnetic axes of the thin films, and the thin films
     are so positioned that the magnetization of two electrically oppositely
     disposed thin films, which results from the application of the first and
     second magnetic fields thereof, is rotated in a direction opposite to the
     correspondingly resulting magnetization of the remaining thin films,
     following application of the auxiliary magnetic field to the thin films."
"A magnetic-record reproduction system is provided for selectively
     reproducing magnetic information signals recorded on a magnetic tape as a
     plurality of programs, each program being separated from other programs by
     cue signals. The system includes a head for reproducing the recorded
     magnetic information, a movable tension arm for maintaining the head in
     tensioned contact with the magnetic tape, and a cue signal detector
     mounted to the tension arm to enable selection of recorded programs
     thereby. A cavity is formed in the tension arm for receiving a
     magnetoresistive element to form the detector, and a non-magnetic metallic
     film is mounted on the surface of the tension arm to protect the arm from
     abrasion as it contacts the magnetic tape."
"An apparatus for detecting the position of a moving member comprising a
     moving member having a magnetic substance with magnetical signals recorded
     thereon, and a stationary magnetic sensor confronting the moving member
     and having a plurality of magnetoresistive elements, wherein the
     magnetoresistive elements are disposed in the magnetic sensor such that
     the elements have a phase difference of .pi./m in electrical angle, where
     m is an even number larger than or equal to four, for obtaining the
     positional signal of the moving member."
"A permanently structured magnetic recording tape includes a pattern of
     first and second regions of acicular iron oxide particles, the first `A`
     regions being orientated at 22.5.degree. (clockwise) to the tapes axis and
     the second `B` regions being orientated at 67.5.degree. (clockwise) to the
     tape axis. A permanent magnet applies a developing field at 45.degree.
     (anti-clockwise) to the tape axis such that, at the transition in
     orientation direction, the normal components of remanence in `A` and `B`
     regions are in opposite directions, thereby increasing pole strength at
     the transitions compared with longitudinal development, and enhancing the
     output signal at the magnetoresistive read-out transducer.
A second magnetoresistive transducer senses fluctuations in magnetic
     polarity at the tape edge to verify whether the medium is genuine."
"An MR sensor is disclosed in which a pair of thin film magnetoresistive
     strips are connected electrically in parallel between two terminals.
     Strips are spaced apart a distance which is small relative to the density
     of the stored data to be sensed. The strips are mutually-biased in
     opposite directions to corresponding points in the linear region of their
     respective curves by current from a constant source attached to one
     terminal. Since the resistance of each strip is equal, the current divides
     equally between the strips.
The sensor is positioned adjacent the magnetic surface containing stored
     data. Vertical components of the magnetic field (preferably vertically
     recorded data) influence the resistance of the strips differentially. When
     the sensor encounters a vertical flux transition, the output voltage
     varies to produce a unimodal type pulse."
"A movable part of a robot, such as the fingers of the robot hand, are
     provided with an array of tactile elements mounted on a substrate. Each
     element includes a magnetic dipole embedded in a compliant medium on one
     side of the substrate and a magnetic sensor on the other side of the
     substrate. The dipole and sensor are in parallel planes. A force or torque
     deforms the compliant medium and displaces the magnetic dipoles with
     respect to the sensor. The sensor detects the change in magnetic field and
     produces an electrical signal which is used to control the robot.
     Magnetoresistive sensors are preferred. To detect torque, each element
     illustratively includes four sensors arranged at 90.degree. to one another
     and a magnetic dipole oriented at 45.degree. to each sensor. Also
     described is the handling of objects by a robot having such a tactile
     array in its gripper or hand, and the use of a robot to bring an object
     into contact with such a tactile array mounted, for example, on a table
     top, thereby enabling pattern recognition functions."
"A circuit for converting a TV receiver to operate in accordance with the
     system associated with received signals, there being either F or F' scan
     lines in a field, with F&lt;F', includes a counter driven by pulses each
     representative of one end of a raster scan line, and having M stages, with
     F and F'&lt;M&lt;2F and 2F'. There is also means to preload the counter
     selectively with a count of R or R', where (M-2R)=F and (M-2R')=F'. Wide
     window means detects when a field sync pulse is within a window including
     the (M-R)th and (M-R') stages, and, in response, the counter, initially,
     is preloaded with R'. Decision logic means then detects whether a field
     sync pulse occurs after the Kth stage, with K=M-[R+R']/2, when R' is
     continued to be preload; or occurs before the Kth stage, when R
     subsequently is preloaded; and the required TV receiver conversion is
     completed."
"A magnetic read head has a first embodiment comprising an elongated
     magnetoresistive element having a central region and distant ends. The
     central region has equipotential strips disposed intermediate to its ends,
     and detection circuitry is electrically connected to these intermediate
     equipotential strips to sense the changing resistance of the central
     region in the presence of data magnetically recorded on a medium. In a
     second embodiment, the magnetoresistive element is folded into a picture
     frame shape and has its ends joined. The element is vertically arranged so
     that one of the legs of the element is positioned in proximity to a
     selected track of a recording medium. A pair of equipotential strips are
     disposed at opposite ends of the leg to define a sensing region
     therebetween. Detection circuitry is connected to these equipotential
     strips to detect the changing resistance of the sensing region in the
     presence of the magnetic fields of the medium."
"A speed setting arrangement for a sewing machine comprises a permanent
     magnet mounted for unitary rotation with the foot pedal of the sewing
     machine, and a magnetic sensor including a plurality of magnetoresistors
     arranged in pairs to form a bridge circuit on a stationary plane spaced a
     distance from the plane of rotation of the magnet. The magnetic sensor
     provides an output signal which is exclusively a function of the magnetic
     orientation of the magnet and thus serves as a valid indication of the
     amount of pedal depression. An analog to digital converter is coupled to
     the magnetic sensor to convert its output into a digital signal for speed
     control purposes."
"In hand-held magnetic readers, it is desirable that the magnetic read head
     be able to detect flux transitions on the surface of a magnetic media
     without requiring that the head have a specific orientation to the media.
     The present invention provides such a read head in which a thin planar
     magnetoresistive element is mounted so as to be perpendicular to the
     surface of the media. A thick yoke which is coplanar with the element
     provides a pole face adjacent the media surface which is sufficently wide
     as to extend over adjacent flux transitions when the plane of the element
     is skewed with respect to the flux transitions. A further pole face of the
     yoke is adjacent the edge of the element remote from the surface."
"A magnetoresistive head comprising a magnetoresistive element, to which a
     magnetic bias field is applied, is disposed opposite to a magnetic
     recording medium moving relative thereto, and the resistance value of the
     magnetoresistive element varying as a result of the relative movement of
     the magnetoresistive element and the magnetic recording medium is detected
     to reproduce information recorded on the magnetic recording medium. The
     magnetoresistive element of the magnetic head has an elongate shape
     extending along the easy axis of magnetization and has protrusions at its
     longitudinal ends. The protrusions have, for example, a semicircular or
     triangular contour. These protrusions are effective for suppressing
     formation of undesirable domain walls in the magnetoresistive element, so
     that the magnetic head can operate without substantial variation of its
     output voltage level and with reduced Barkhousen noise."
"A thin film transducer is provided for inductively recording and
     magnetoresistively reading magnetic information. The thin film
     magnetoresistive (MR) element is mounted on a bottom yoke member and is
     provided with means, which may be a pair of legs of the MR material
     extending in the same direction, so as to define a single magnetic domain
     in the MR element. The read conductor is provided in the form of a ""barber
     pole"" so that the angled transducer gap thereof overlies the magnetic
     domain in the MR element. The bottom yoke is a planar surface essentially
     dimensionless with respect to the other elements of the transducer head
     while the top yoke is specifically shaped so as to have a tail portion
     which overlies the write conductor and is parallel to the transducer gap
     in the read conductor."
"A dual element magnetic transducer in which the thin film MR read element
     is transversely biased by flux in the air gap of the inductive write core
     generated by a bias current supplied to the write winding. Flux in the air
     gap biases the MR element because different integral portions of the MR
     element have a different spatial relationship to parallel opposing
     portions of the inductive core. The flux which would normally pass through
     the gap substantially normal to the sides of the core defining the gap now
     tends to follow the MR element along a direction normal or transverse to
     the media to a point where the distance between the MR element and the
     core is smaller than where it entered. By appropriate control of the bias
     current and the spatial relationships, a relatively efficient, simple to
     manufacture dual element magnetic transducer is provided."
"A magnetic read head has a first embodiment comprising an elongated
     magnetoresistive element having a central region and distant ends. The
     central region has equipotential strips disposed intermediate to its ends,
     and detection circuitry is electrically connected to these intermediate
     equipotential strips to sense the changing resistance of the central
     region in the presence of data magnetically recorded on a medium. In a
     second embodiment, the magnetoresistive element is folded into a picture
     frame shape and has its ends joined. The element is vertically arranged so
     that one of the legs of the element is positioned in proximity to a
     selected track of a recording medium. A pair of equipotential strips are
     disposed at opposite ends of the leg to define a sensing region
     therebetween. Detection circuitry is connected to these equipotential
     strips to detect the changing resistance of the sensing region in the
     presence of the magnetic fields of the medium."
"In an apparatus for the measurement of electrical power, including a
     multiplier which receives on an input thereof an electrical signal
     proportional to the voltage component of the electrical power, and which
     is subjected to an external magnetic field proportional to the current
     component of the electrical power, an auxiliary magnetic field is applied
     to the multiplier. The multiplier is a Wheatstone bridge including four
     ferromagnetic and magnetoresistive thin films, and the magnetic fields
     have a direction along the direction of the hard magnetic axes of each of
     the thin films. The thin films are so positioned that the magnetization of
     two electrically oppositely disposed thin films resulting from the
     application of the external magnetic field thereto is rotated in a
     direction opposite to that of the correspondingly resulting magnetization
     of the remaining thin films, following application of the auxiliary
     magnetic field to the films."
"The invention discloses an integrated memory matrix comprising nonvolatile
     reprogrammable storage (memory) cells arranged in rows and columns, as
     well as a classifying circuit integrated as well in the semiconductor body
     of the memory matrix, containing a nonprogrammable reference storage cell
     (Mr) of the same construction as that of the storage cells, and which is
     manufactured simultaneously as a comparison standard, with the storage
     cells. With the aid of a first voltage divider (Q1) integrated as well,
     whose output voltage is adjustable in steps, and whose output current is
     fed into the source-drain line of the reference storage cell (Mr) and/or
     of a second voltage divider (Q2) adjustable in steps and integrated as
     well, whose output voltage is applied to the control gate of the storage
     transistor (Ts) of the reference storage cell (Mr), it is possible to
     simulate a threshold voltage which is compared with the threshold voltages
     of the storage cells (M11 . . . Mmn) of the memory matrix (S) either
     individually or in groups with the aid of a comparator circuit (Ad) for
     obtaining a classifying criterion."
"A magnetic transducer head utilizing a thin film magneto-resistance effect
     element is disclosed in which the amount of a DC bias magnetic field is so
     selected that only the end portion of the thin film magneto-resistance
     effect element serving as a contact surface with a magnetic medium is
     effectively given with sensitivity and the element is saturated in the
     vicinity of its central portion in its width direction."
"An improved magnetoresistive transducer for sensing the magnetic fields
     recorded on a magnetic medium and suitable for fabrication using
     photolithographic techniques. The transducer has two separate
     metallization layers so that the bias conductor may be deposited opposite
     the magnetoresistive sense element without any electrical connection
     between the two, thereby allowing the sense currents and bias currents to
     each be independently optimized and allowing the same bias current to be
     used to bias each magnetoresistive transducer element in an array. The
     bias conductor is set back from the edge of the magnetoresistive
     transducer element which is closest to the magnetic medium, providing a
     number of advantages related to wear, to decreasing the possibility of a
     short circuit between the bias conductor and the transducer element, and
     to reducing the exposure of the bias conductor to environmental hazards."
"A current to pulse-sequence transducer for transforming a current to be
     measured into a sequence of pulses which has a certain mark-to-space
     ratio, includes a first transforming device for transforming the current
     to be measured into a measurement magnetic field, a second transforming
     device for generating a reference magnetic field, and magnetic field
     comparison device including a magnetoresistive thin film comparator
     normally providing a zero output when the fields are equal, but generating
     an impulse when the strength of one magnetic field exceeds that of the
     other, and an impulse processing device. The impulse processing device
     includes a differentiator amplifier connected to the output of the
     magnetoresistive thin film comparator and a Schmitt trigger circuit
     postcoupled to the differentiator amplifier. Thus there will be generated
     the sequence of pulses which have the mark-to-space ratio in dependence of
     the current to be measured; this will minimize the influence of any
     imbalance from the zero output when the fields are equal, and the
     influence of any external electromagnetic disturbance picked up by the
     transducer, which has a magnitude below the threshold value of the Schmitt
     trigger circuit."
"A magnetic transducer head utilizing magnetoresistance effect is disclosed
     which includes a thin film magnetoresistance effect element held between,
     first and second substrates, at least one of the first and second
     substrates being formed of an electrically conductive material, and a
     biasing means for the magnetoresistance effect element to satisfy a
     potential relation V.sub.MR -V.sub.S .ltoreq.0.2 volt, wherein V.sub.MR is
     a potential of the magnetoresistance effect element, and V.sub.S is a
     potential of the conductive substrate."
"A rotation detecting apparatus includes a first electromagnetic pickup of
     the electromagnetic coil type positioned to face a single signal rotor in
     the diametrical direction thereof and generate a first rotation signal, a
     permanent magnet received in a recess formed in the principal plane
     surface of the signal rotor, and a second electromagnetic pickup including
     a magnetoresistance effect element positined separately above the upper
     surface of the permanent magnet and operatively associated with the magnet
     to generate a second rotation signal."
"A magnetoresistive effect thin film magnetic sensor has a temperature
     compensating magnetoresistive effect (MR) element arranged non-parallel to
     a signal detecting MR element to prevent the temperature compensating MR
     element from being influenced by an external magnetic signal field.
     Alternatively, it has an L-shaped temperature compensating MR element
     arranged closely to the signal detecting MR element to prevent the
     temperature compensating MR element from being influenced by the external
     magnetic signal field. It further has a magnet member arranged closely to
     or in contact with the temperature compensating MR element to enhance a
     positional precision of the temperature compensation and reduce a time
     lag."
"An integrated read/write head assembly incorporates a thin film inductive
     write head subassembly comprising first and second pole pieces that define
     a write transducing gap, and a magnetoresistive read subassembly disposed
     in the write gap. The first write pole piece is extended so as to provide
     a planar conductive path from the terminal connections or studs to the
     magnetoresistive read subassembly, thereby forming a uniform surface for
     deposition of the magnetoresistive read subassembly."
"An electric watthour meter for measuring AC power consumption is disclosed
     which includes a pair of parallel plate bus bars through which all of the
     power to be measured is conducted, a magnetoresistive bridge sensor
     disposed between the pair of bus bars such that the flow of current in
     either or both of said bus bars produces a corresponding voltage signal
     from the sensor indicative of the total amount of current flowing in the
     bus bars and a signal processing system for utilizing the signal from the
     sensor to produce an output indicative of the total AC power conducted by
     the bus bars."
"A magnetoelectric conversion element comprises a magnetoresistive effect
     material having a closed domain structure, a pair of contacts for supply
     of current flowing through the magnetoresistive effect material, and a
     bias electrode disposed between the contacts for biasing the direction of
     the current flow. The bias electrode is disposed so that the respective
     angles of intersection between the directions of current flow through
     different magnetic domains of the magnetoresistive effect material biased
     by the bias electrode and the directions of spontaneous magnetization
     biased by an external magnetic field are both increased or decreased."
"The interface circuit contains a single operational amplifier (OR, OG, OB)
     per chrominance channel, with a resistance network (WR, WG, WB) for
     white-level adjustment connected between the inverting input and the
     output of this amplifier. The output resistances of the matrix output
     amplifiers (MR, MG, MB) must be low, and a low-value resistor (RR, RG, RB)
     is connected between the output of each output amplifier and the
     noninverting input of each operational amplifier (OR, OG, OB).
     Video-signal, brightness-, blanking, and external-signal-control currents
     (ISR, ISG, ISB; IHR, IHG, IHB; IBR, IBG, IBB; IER, IEG, IEB) are applied
     to the non-inverting input of the respective operational amplifier.
The control currents permit the white-level adjustment and the
     blanking-voltage adjustment to be made independently of each other and
     eliminate any interaction between brightness adjustment, blanking, and
     external-signal gating. Compared with prior art arrangements, a simpler
     circuit is obtained."
"A reproducing and amplifying circuit for a magnetoresistive head comprises
     an amplifying circuit with a feedback circuit. The head is part of the
     feedback circuit. Thus, the head is connectable with the feedback circuit
     so that the head is supplied with a drive current by the amplifying
     circuit and a reproduced electric signal outputted by the head is coupled
     to the amplifying circuit for amplification. A magnetoresistive element
     may be provided in the amplifying circuit to effect temperature
     compensation for the head. The reproducing and amplifying circuit is
     simple in structure, has an enhanced signal-to-noise ratio and is immune
     to temperature variation."
"A magnetic sensor for sensing the proximity of a magnetically permeable
     member, the sensor and member being relatively movable with respect to
     each other and having an axis of movement disposed within a fixed plane.
     The magnetic sensor includes two coplanar magnetoresistive elements, each
     element having a main current conducting path and possessing anisotropic
     resistance as a function of the direction of a resultant magnetic field
     applied thereto. The two magnetoresistive elements are connected in
     series, and a d.c. current is supplied to the series-connected elements.
     First and second saturating bias magnetic fields are supplied, as by a
     bias magnet, to respective ones of the magnetoresistive elements at the
     same angle .theta..sub.o to each of the respective main current conducting
     paths in the absence of the magnetically permeable member. The angle at
     which each bias field is supplied is changed by substantially equal and
     opposite small deviation angles .+-..DELTA..theta. in response to the
     relative movement of the permeable member proximate the magnetic sensor.
     An output circuit is coupled to the junction defined by the
     series-connected magnetoresistive elements to produce an output signal
     which varies as a function of the deviation angles by which the angles of
     the bias fields change."
"Solid state inductive magneto ignition system with antireverse running
     circuit has a switching transistor connected in circuit with the primary
     of an ignition coil. A control circuit is connected for cutting ""off"" the
     switching transistor to generate ignition pulses. A first by-pass circuit
     for shunting current from the control circuit includes a silicon
     controlled rectifier (SCR) which is turned ""on"" by discharge of voltage
     from a capacitor in combination with a resistor which serves as a time
     delay to hold the by-pass circuit ""on"" for the duration of a voltage pulse
     developed by reverse running of the magneto. A voltage polarity sensing
     circuit for by-passing the by-pass circuit in response to a forward
     running pulse includes a silicon controlled rectifier (SCR) connected in
     parallel with the first SCR and a choke coil and a resistor to cause the
     second SCR to be turned ""on"" by a first negative pulse developed during
     forward running of the magneto."
"A rotational angle detection device having two magnetoresistive sensing
     elements positioned at a 45.degree. angle with respect to each other
     senses the rotary position of a permanent magnet. Sine and cosine waves
     are applied to first and second bridge circuits respectively incorporating
     the two sensing elements. The resulting bridge circuit outputs are
     differentially combined to provide an output whose phase relative to
     either of the input sine or cosine waves is dependent upon the rotational
     position of the permanent magnet. The phase difference is detected and the
     rotational position is calculated therefrom."
"A magnetic sensor (1) includes a magneto-resistive element (3) which
     magnetically bridges a gap (15) between two magnetic flux conductors
     (6,7). In order to reduce the noise level and higher harmonic distortion
     of the sensor, each of the flux conductors (6,7) includes at least two
     layers (16,18) of magnetically permeable materials having substantially
     the same composition between which a layer (17) is present which has a
     different composition."
"A magnetoresistant transducer is described for reading very high-density
      a. The magnetoresistant transducer (TMRI) includes at least one
     magnetoresistor (MRI) of an anisotropic magnetic material placed
     perpendicular to the direction in which the data of a medium (SM) pass.
     The axis (AFAI) of easy magnetization of the magnetoresistor is normal to
     the medium and includes a thin, mono-range or single domain magnetic
     anisotropic layer (CI) normal to the medium and to the direction in which
     the data pass. The mono-range or single domain layer is strongly coupled
     magnetically with the magnetoresistor, and its axis of easy magnetization
     (AFACI) is normal to the medium and opposite in direction to the axis of
     easy magnetization of the magnetoresistor. The invention is particularly
     applicable to the reading of magnetic tapes and disks containing high
     density data."
"A magneto for two-cycle engines comprises a rotor provided with a magnet
     and a pair of poles, and a stationary assembly including a U-shaped iron
     core having a pair of legs and an ignition coil wound around one of the
     legs. The magnetic circuit provided by the pair of core legs, the pair of
     poles and the magnet includes a magnetic path through the other leg which
     path is given an increased magnetic resistance by a gap portion. The gap
     portion is formed in the end face or a side face of the other leg or in
     one of the poles in the end face thereof opposed to the other leg."
"To determine the rotary speed of a toothed element (1), for example the
     starter gear of an internal combustion (IC) engine, or a toothed wheel
     coupled to a wheel of a vehicle for evaluation of the speed, and change in
     speed thereof, for use in a brake anti-block system, a magnetic field is
     generated, for example by a permanent magnet (3) which has both radial and
     tangential components with respect to the teeth (2) of the rotary element.
     A magnetic field dependent sensor (4) such as a Hall generator or a
     thin-film permalloy-type magneto-resistive sensor is positioned to respond
     to the tangential component of the magnetic field, to thereby eliminate
     shifts in the null or center line about which the field strength undulates
     as the disk rotates to permit ready evaluation of the output from the
     sensor by threshold circuitry."
"A magnetoresistive element comprises first to fourth magnetoresistive parts
     formed on a substrate. The first and second magnetoresistive parts are
     connected in series, and the third and fourth magnetoresistive parts are
     also connected in series. These series connected parts are connected in
     parallel to one another, first and second terminals are provided at from
     both ends of the parallel connection and, third and fourth terminals are
     provided at the junction of the first and second magnetoresistive parts
     and at the junction of the third and fourth magnetoresistive parts,
     respectively. The resistive values of the first and second
     magnetoresistive parts in the absence of a magnetic field are
     substantially equal, and the resistance values of the third and fourth
     magnetoresistive parts in the absence of a magnetic field are also
     substantially equal. The arrangement is such that when a magnet is moved
     relative to the magnetoresistive element, the resistance values of the
     first and second magnetoresistive parts operatively change and the third
     magnetoresistive part is always exposed to a magnetic field from the
     magnet, but the fourth magnetoresistive part is not exposed to the
     magnetic field at all times."
"The invention provides a magnetoresistive element which magnetostatically
     has magnetic anisotropy to control a domain structure and which eliminates
     Barkhousen noise that will cause abrupt movement of domain walls and
     irregular magnetization due to a change in the signal magnetic field,
     wherein a grating pattern is formed on at least one surface of a
     magnetoresistive film by a process in which a grating pattern is
     unidirectionally formed on the surface of a substrate and the
     magnetoresistive film of a ferromagnetic body is deposited thereon.
     Further, various magnetoresistive elements to which a novel bias method is
     applied are provided."
"Devices and circuits are described employing magnetoresistive materials
     exhibiting a negative .DELTA..rho. effect
     (.DELTA..rho.=.rho..parallel.-.rho..perp.). In these materials, the
     electrical resistivity .rho. of the material in a direction perpendicular
     to the direction of current through the material is greater than the
     electrical resistivity .rho..parallel. of the material in a direction
     parallel to the direction of the electrical current through the material.
     These are ferromagnetic materials exhibiting magnetoresistance in the
     presence of an electrical current through the material and a magnetic
     field applied to the material to magnetize it to saturation at room
     temperature. These devices and circuits have advantages over conventional
     devices and circuits employing magnetoresistive materials of the
     conventional type, in which .DELTA..rho. is a positive quantity."
"An image correlation device utilizing the principle of magnetoresistance. A
     sensed image is compared to a preselected mask image to determine whether
     the two images match. The comparison is accomplished by electrically
     representing the sensed image along a first surface and the mask image
     along a second surface of magnetoresistive member or body of material (a
     magnetoresistive member is one which demonstrates a greater amount of
     electrical resistance transverse to a magnetic field to which the member
     is exposed than it does parallel to that field). Where the two images
     match such that there is a maximum number of corresponding points along
     these surfaces a maximum amount of current flows through the body.
     Moreover, matching images can be compared and a match recognized even
     where the images are at different positions along their respective top and
     bottom surfaces of the magnetoresistive block. This is accomplished by
     means of shifting the magnetic field to in effect shift the direction of
     the paths having the least amount of electrical resistance through the
     block. The device may also include a second magnetoresistive body so that
     both the object and the background can simultaneously by compared to
     preclude a match signal from occuring where one image has all the features
     of the second image along with some additional features not found in the
     second image."
"A magnetic sensor including first and second electromagnetic elements
     arranged one on the other is manufactured by depositing on a glass
     substrate a first magnetoresistive film of Fe-Ni permalloy, an insulating
     film of SiO.sub.2 and a second magnetoresistive film of Fe-Ni permalloy
     successively in this order and then these three films are simultaneously
     etched by a single etching treatment with aid of a photomask to form first
     and second magnetoresistive elements. Then, through-holes are formed in
     the second magnetoresistive film and insulating film to expose parts of
     the first magnetoresistive film. Next, an insulating photoresist film of
     polyimide is applied on the second magnetoresistive film and openings are
     formed in the insulating photoresist film at positions of the bottom of
     the through-holes and at positions corresponding to junctions to the
     second magnetoresistive film. After applying a metal film on the
     insulating photoresist film, the metal film is etched to form a conductor
     pattern serving as electrode conductors connected to the first and second
     magnetoresistive elements."
"In a magnetoresistive current detector, which includes a conductor carrying
     a current to be measured, which in turn generates an external magnetic
     field, four bridge elements are connected to one another so as to
     constitute a Wheatstone bridge. The Wheatstone bridge is adapted to be fed
     by a supply current from a current- or voltage-source and includes two
     pairs of ferromagnetic and magnetoresistive thin films which have hard and
     easy axes, respectively, and each thin film constitutes a respective
     bridge element. The thin films of each pair are magnetostatically coupled
     to one another, so that the portion of the supply current flowing in each
     thin film of each pair generates an auxiliary magnetic field, which has a
     direction along the hard magnetic axis of the other thin film of the same
     pair. The thin films of each pair form bridge portions connected to one
     another at respective bridge output terminals and all these films have
     substantially equal respective thicknesses; the external magnetic field
     has a direction along the direction of the hard magnetic axes of each of
     the thin films."
"A method of forming a multilayer thin film is disclosed in which a second
     thin conductive film is deposited on a first thin conductive film
     uninterruptedly after the first thin film has been deposited on a
     substrate, the first and second films thus formed are processed so as to
     form a predetermined pattern, the surface of the second thin film is
     cleaned by ion etching and a third thin conductive film is deposited on
     the whole surface of the substrate, and then the second and third thin
     films are processed so as to have a pattern different from the
     above-mentioned predetermined pattern. In the case where two thin
     conductive films different in material and pattern from each other are
     piled on a substrate, the above method can form a perfect interconnection
     between the two films and can make very small the contact resistance
     between the two films. Accordingly, the method is fit to form, for
     example, a barber pole type magnetoresistive element."
"A detector structure for contiguous-disk bubble devices has a
     non-ionimplanted elongated bar, a hairpin conductor and a thin-film
     magneto-resistive element. The elongated bar is positioned in spaced
     relation to a large period element at the end of a propagation loop. The
     elongated bar extends both above and below the large period element and
     prevents the bubble from passing around the element. The hairpin conductor
     is positioned over the edge of the bar that faces the end period element.
     The magneto-resistive element is positioned parallel to and at the center
     of the hairpin conductor."
"A radiation-hard, non-volatile, thin film planar RAM structure fabricated
     by silicon integrated circuit processing. This memory cell construction
     provides a magnetoresistive readout. A magnetoresistive film sensor is
     positioned in the gap of a thicker flux concentrator film. A memory film
     and the flux concentrator film comprise a magnetic path to the MR film."
"The invention relates to a device particularly adapted for use with the
     power supply of a computer for controlling the regulating facilities in an
     electric high-power AC-DC converter of the power supply.
This control device (D) comprises a regulation (CC) control comparator
     connected to the storage facilities (S) of the converter and receiving a
     reference voltage having a ""nominal"" value when the converter is normally
     powered by an AC network and receiving a portion of the output voltage
     from the converter, the output of said control comparator (CC) supplying
     an error signal to the regulating facilities (MR) of the converter. The
     control device also includes facilities (R) for supplying a variable
     reference voltage to the control comparator (CC) so that at the moment of
     recovery of the network following a cutoff, the voltage at the input of
     the filtering facilities (F) of the converter is, at the most, equal to
     the output voltage of the storage facilities (S)."
"A magnetoresistant transducer for reading data present on the tracks of a
     multitrack magnetic carrier, comprises at least one magnetoresistant
     element perpendicular to the direction of travel of the data, and first
     and second magnetic screening means situated at either side of the
     element.
The magnetoresistant transducer comprises deflecting means for deflecting
     the magnetic field generated by the current flowing through the element.
     The deflecting means are situated between the latter and the first and
     second screening means to intercept and deflect the magnetic field lines
     transmitted by the data items on the track. The deflecting means includes
     a plurality of mutually parallel thin magnetic blades separated from each
     other by thin non-magnetic laminations the thickness of which is such that
     the magnetic coupling between two adjacent laminations is weak. The
     laminations and magnetoresistances are of anisotropic material and have
     their axes of easy and difficult magnetization parallel to each other."
"A magnetoresistive transducer bridge is operated in a saturation mode by an
     AC signal in an adjacent conductor. The field produced by the AC signal in
     the adjacent conductor is of sufficient amplitude to magnetically saturate
     the bridge elements in a pair of opposite arms of the bridge during most
     of each half cycle of the AC signal. During each zero-crossing of the
     applied signal, the bridge comes out of saturation and produces a signal
     pulse. Thus constituting a zero-crossing detector. This response
     characteristic is utilized in circuitry producing a current-presence
     detector, a signal amplitude detector, and a power-factor detector."
"The present invention is directed to improvements in a perpendicular
     magnetic recording-reproducing head. One of the improvements comprises the
     use of a magneto-resistive effect element to form the main pole of the
     magnetic head. This feature of the invention enables a stable and faithful
     reproduction of information recorded in a magnetic recording medium up to
     the shortest wavelength and to obtain a sufficiently large reproducing
     output signal. Another improvement comprises the use of such
     magneto-resistive effect elements in layers. The multilayer structure
     permits production of a large reproducing output and also an optimum S/N
     ratio even if the width of track is small."
"A magnetoresistance transducer for reading data from the tracks of a record
     carrier comprises at least one magnetoresistance perpendicular to the
     direction of travel of the data of each track P. First and second plane
     magnetic means are situated at either side of the magnetoresistance in
     such manner as to intercept and deflect the magnetic field lines
     transmitted by the immediate surroundings of the track P and by the data
     items adjacent to the data item which has the magnetoresistance positioned
     opposite to it."
"A magnetoresistive displacement sensing transducer employs a plurality of
     sensing elements consisting of magnetically biased magnetoresistive
     stripes. Each sensing element is operative to produce a signal in response
     to linear or rotational displacement with respect to a magnetic grating.
     The phases of the signals from the plurality of sensing elements are
     relatively displaced to permit determining direction of displacement and
     to increase accuracy through interpolation. A signal processing circuit
     uses the signals from the sensing elements and optionally their sums and
     differences to drive a reversible counter which is thereby updated to
     retain a value corresponding to the position of the transducer or the
     magnetic grating."
"A magnetic head having an elongate magnetoresistive element bearing a
     pattern of equipotential strips extending obliquely to its longitudinal
     axis for adjusting a suitable workpoint. With its edges extending parallel
     to the longitudinal axis, the element bears on components of magnetically
     permeable material one of which, in operation, is in direct flux coupling
     with a magnetic recording medium and the other of which is in flux
     coupling with the recording medium via a further element of magnetically
     permeable material which may be ferrite."
"Disclosed is a magnetic rotary encoder used in combination with a rotary
     body having plural pieces of magnetic information recorded on at least one
     circumferentially running track. The rotary encoder comprises a substrate
     having a surface disposed opposite to the rotary body and at least one
     magnetoresistive element formed on the surface of the substrate. The
     magnetoresistive element is formed on the substrate surface as an integral
     pattern including at least two portions extending substantially in the
     radial direction of the rotary body in a relation opposite to the magnetic
     information recorded portion of the rotary body, two lead connection
     terminal portions formed at the outer ends of the radially extending
     portions respectively, and a circumferentially extending portion
     interconnecting the radially extending portions at their ends, so as to
     form a single electrical signal path which passes both of the radially
     extending portions and terminates in the two lead connection terminal
     portions. These lead connection terminal portions are disposed outside of
     the outer peripheral edge of the rotary body."
"A sensor comprising a member of ferromagnetic ferrite material having
     anistropic magneto-resistive properties wherein the resistivity
     characteristics of the ferrite member vary in response to variations in
     strength of a magnetic field applied longitudinally with respect to a
     selected longitudinal axis of the ferrite member. A magnetic field is
     impressed across the ferrite member with the magnetic lines of flux
     extending along the longitudinal axis of the ferrite member which exhibits
     variable magneto-resistive properties. A flow of electric current through
     the ferrite member along a current path that extends in the same direction
     or opposite to the direction of the magnetic lines of flux and changes in
     the value of the electric current flow through the ferrite member are
     measured as an indication of the value of a physical phenomena being
     sensed by the sensor."
"Electrodes for a magnetoresistive sensor can be formed easily by a method
     wherein a double-layer structure of Mo and Al on a film of a
     magnetoresistive material such as permalloy is formed to have a
     predetermined pattern, firstly by exposing an Al layer to a chemical
     etching solution or subjecting the Al layer to the ion-milling treatment
     to give said Al layer said pattern and then subjecting a Mo layer to the
     plasma etching or reactive sputter etching treatment to give said Mo layer
     said pattern."
"A magnetic record-reproduction device is provided for controlling a program
     selection system of a tape containing a recording member and a base
     element. The recording member records cue signals indicating positions of
     programs on the tape to be reproduced. The base element supports the
     recording member. A magnetoresistive head comes into contact with the base
     element for detecting and reproducing the cue signals recorded in the
     recording member."
"Breakerless ignition system of the inductive type is used to provide
     ignition pulses for an internal combustion engine which substantially
     duplicates the timing performance of a breaker-point magneto. The system
     utilizes a transistor for making and breaking the current flow in the
     primary coil of the ignition transformer. Switching of the transistor is
     controlled by a silicon controlled rectifier (SCR) and gating of the SCR
     is controlled by a time-delay network which includes a capacitor, resistor
     and a transistor switching means in circuit with the control electrode of
     the SCR. A second transistor and capacitor network controls the rate of
     rise of current to the time-delay network as a function of engine speed."
"Disclosed is a magnetic head for use to constitute a position encoder which
     comprises a magnetic recording medium carrying records provided by a
     plurality of unit magnets arrayed with a constant pitch .lambda. on the
     surface of a moving member. The magnetic head is fixedly disposed opposite
     to the magnetic recording medium to constitute the position encoder. The
     magnetic head comprises a bridge circuit of four U-shaped arms each of
     which is formed by a pair of magnetoresistive elements spaced apart by an
     interval of (.lambda./2)(1+n), where n is zero or a positive integer."
"The magnetic field sensing apparatus includes first and second
     magnetoresistive elements having respective angularly disposed current
     path portions through which a bias current flows and to which a bias
     magnetic field is supplied. An external magnetic signal field is supplied
     from a magnetic source, and the magnetoresistive elements are relatively
     displaceable with respect to this source. The bias field is supplied at an
     angle of approximately 45.degree. with respect to the direction in which
     the bias current flows in each current path; and the source of external
     magnetic field generates a signal field whose polarity gradually decreases
     and then changes over to an opposite polarity at a boundary region. This
     change in the signal field is sensed by the magnetic sensor as it is
     relatively displaced, thereby producing an output signal that varies
     substantially linearly with this displacement over a predetermined range
     on both sides of the boundary region."
"The invention is directed to transducers for recording on (writing) and
     playback from (reading) a magnetizable support medium. A single transducer
     (head) provides both record and playback functions. Recording is carried
     out using a winding for inducing an external magnetic flux across a gap in
     the transducer and playback is carried out by sensing an internal leakage
     flux using a Hall effect magneto-resistive element placed outside of a gap
     in the head. The magneto-resistive element delivers a substantially linear
     electrical signal response as a function of the magnetic field applied by
     relative motion between the transducer gap and the support medium."
"To suppress negative half-waves derived from a magneto armature and not
     used for ignition without use of external damping networks, the
     semiconductor switch controlling current flow, and abrupt turn-off to
     initiate an ignition event, is formed as a monolithic semiconductor
     element, and the inherent inverse diode of the monolithic element is
     utilized to pass the reverse voltage half-waves. To prevent damage to the
     inherent diodes due to over-voltage or current overloading, a damping
     resistance element is connected in series with the main current carrying
     path of the monolithic circuit elements, preferably a Darlington
     transistor, which, preferably, is a semiconductor resistor having a
     preferred current passage characteristic in the same direction as the
     current flow through the Darlington transistor, for example a Zener diode,
     a resistor, or a series of diodes polarized like the inverse diode,
     bridged by a diode conducting in the same direction as the Darlington
     transistor, or the like."
"A thin-film magnetic head employing a magneto-resistive element (MR
     element), which comprises a substrate, a layer of MR element deposited on
     said substrate and a conductor layer for supplying said MR element with an
     electric current in the longitudinal direction thereof. The substrate has
     at least two crystal axes in the plane parallel to the surface on which
     said magnetoresistive element is disposed. The respective coefficients of
     thermal expansion in the directions of said two crystal axes are different
     from each other. The coefficients of thermal expansion in the directions
     of said two crystal axes, the orientations of said two crystal axes and
     the magnetostriction coefficient of the MR element are adjusted in a
     relationship whereby an internal stress is imparted due to the difference
     between the temperature during deposition of the MR element and the room
     temperature, and the thus imparted stress operates to provide the spins
     within the MR element with a tendency to be oriented in said longitudinal
     direction of the MR element."
"A time base signal for controlling the recording of binary data is
     developed by measuring the velocity of a magnetic record.
The velocity is measured by providing an inductive read head and a
     magnetoresistive read head which sense the same flux field on the magnetic
     record. The difference in the outputs of these read heads is a measure of
     the record velocity."
"A magnetoresistance effect type head or an MR head which includes a main
     portion further having a casing with a recess at its one surface, for
     providing a bonding surface in the casing so as to be generally U-shape in
     its cross section, and a magnetoresistance effect type head chip, a
     support member for a magnetic tape sliding surface and a terminal member
     for external connection which are all collectively bonded to the bonding
     surface, and a cover plate further bonded onto the main portion."
"A bubble sense amplifier has a biasing circuit for adjusting the bias
     currents through magneto-resistive detectors so as to establish a
     preferred common mode operating voltage across the bubble detectors. The
     preamplifier is coupled through a junction capacitance circuit to a
     clamp-and-strobe circuit and to a differential comparator. The
     differential comparator has a selectable threshold voltage, and compares
     the differential bubble signal to the selected threshold voltage."
"A flux-responsive magnetic head having a transducer gap also has first and
     second back gaps across which, respectively, are first and second thin
     film magnetoresistive elements. The elements have similarly oriented
     magnetization vectors and, as such, the magnetoresistive elements are
     differentially responsive to flux entering said transducer gap. Spurious
     fields, however, have no differential effect on the resistances of the
     magnetoresistive elements. In a preferred form of the invention, an
     additional, similar working, pair of magnetoresistive elements is employed
     across the back gaps, such additional elements not only providing
     increased signal response, but also serving as keepers for the first pair
     of magnetoresistive elements."
"Speed limiting in an ignition system utilizing a magneto generator is
     accomplished by increasing the damping of the half wave not utilized for
     ignition. This is accomplished by switching in additional resistance in
     parallel with the damping circuit resistance when the speed of the engine
     exceeds the speed to which it is to be limited. The additional damping
     during the half wave which is not utilized causes a decrease in the
     current and voltage wave utilized for ignition because of armature
     reaction. The decrease, in turn, causes a sudden change in ignition timing
     in the direction of late ignition and therefore an additional damping or
     complete suppression of ignition."
"Process for monitoring the instantaneous or momentary state of an electric
     circuit having to function in a range limited to two states, namely a
     normal state corresponding to the passage of a nominal intensity in a
     conductor and a critical or threshold state corresponding to a threshold
     intensity and in particular a zero intensity in the said conductor, using
     the detection of possible variations in the resistance of a magnetic layer
     or ""magnetoresistor"" of the influence of the magnetic field due to the
     intensity of the electric current circulating in a conductor and whereof
     part of the path is located in the vicinity of at least one oriented thin
     magnetic layer, wherein the said detection is carried out by means of a
     differential measurement of the magnetoresistance of at least two adjacent
     and separate magnetic layers, whereof one is subject to the field of the
     circuit to be monitored and the other is subject to the field of a
     reference current, the circuits and layers being arranged also in such a
     way as to be independent of the variations in the magnetoresistance due to
     ambient variations of temperature and/or magnetic field.
The invention also relates to the application of the process to the
     monitoring of the possible breaking state of the supply circuits of
     electric lamps of a motor vehicle."
"A current-measurement transducer comprises a thin-film magnetic coil for
     passing an alternating premagnetizing current, generating an alternating
     premagnetizing field, and a magnetic-field comparator which includes first
     and second magnetic anisotropic films disposed in respective substantially
     parallel planes. Each film is composed of ferromagnetic and
     magnetoresistive material, and defines a magnetic easy axis, along which
     the film is relatively easily magnetizable, and a magnetic hard axis, at
     right angles to the easy axis, along which the film is harder to magnetize
     than along the easy magnetic axis. A non-magnetic and electrically at
     least poorly conducting layer separates the films, and the films are
     coupled to one another sufficiently tightly so that a current passing in
     one magnetic film generates an auxiliary magnetic field along the hard
     magnetic axis of the other magnetic film."
"The present invention provides thin film magneto-resistive readout
     apparatus for providing readout from magnetic memory devices such as
     magnetic tapes, the apparatus comprising a thin film magneto-resistive
     readout head element, a narrow pulse generator for applying sensing
     current to the readout head element in the form of trains of narrow
     pulses, and a signal averaging circuit connected to receive output signals
     from the readout head element for deriving an average output signal for
     the pulses in each train."
"A data detection system and method for a bubble memory is disclosed in
     which the memory is operated in a start-stop mode during reading of data
     stored in two separate major loops which are stepped concurrently and
     wherein each major loop comprises interleaved data and no-data cells. The
     field rotation is controlled so that if the read operation is stopped, a
     no-bubble cell of each major loop is stopped adjacent the
     magneto-resistive sensor which provides read data signals to the detector
     of that major loop. The detector involves a detection cycle comprising a
     reference portion and a data portion. The signal generated during the data
     portion is integrated and compared against the integrated value of the
     signal generated during the previous reference portion. The comparison of
     two integrated values, one from a data cell and one from a reference cell,
     produces different results depending on whether a bubble or no-bubble was
     stored in the data cell. In each detector, the result of the comparison is
     buffered in a latch which permits the data from the system to be clocked
     out of the latches at a frequency corresponding to the stepping frequency
     of the major loops."
"Mechanical assemblies, particularly bearing assemblies, incorporate local
     sensing means for producing an electrical signal directly indicative of
     the movement of one part relative to another. The sensing means employs a
     toothed wheel or disc or a moulded magnetic plastics component which is
     designed to move, for example, rotate, with the one part and a sensor
     which is located to the other part. The sensor senses the motion of the
     toothed or moulded component and can utilize galvanomagnetic means, such
     as a Hall effect device, or a magnetoresistor, or a Wiegand effect device,
     to produce the aforesaid signal directly or after further processing."
"A magnetic sensor device utilizes the principle that the resistance of
     anisotropic magnetoresistive material is different in the case where the
     direction of current flowing in the material and the direction of a
     saturating magnetic field are parallel from the case where the direction
     of current and the direction of the saturating magnetic field are
     perpendicular to each other. The sensor device may be used to sense
     displacement and includes a ferromagnetic magnetoresistive element having
     at least one current path portion, a source applying electric current to
     each current path portion, and a magnetic field source producing first and
     second magnetic fields, occurring in first and second regions, and lying
     in first and second different mutually intersecting directions,
     respectively, with respect to the current path portion. The
     magnetoresistive element and the magnetic field source are displaceable in
     a predetermined direction relative to one another so that the relative
     amounts of the current path portion that are influenced by the first and
     second magnetic fields vary in accordance with such displacement. The
     magnetoresistive element can be connected to a constant current source, so
     that the voltage across the element indicates displacement. Alternatively,
     the magnetoresistive element can be formed of two series-connected current
     path portions, with a constant voltage source connected across both
     portions, so that the voltage appearing at the junction of the two current
     path portions indicates displacement."
"A rotational angle detecting apparatus employs a bridge circuit of four
     magneto-resistance elements arranged in a plane and placed in a fixed
     magnetic field so that the plane of the bridge circuit is parallel to the
     direction of the magnetic field and is rotatable around the axis
     perpendicular to the plane. One pair of diagonally disposed
     magneto-resistance elements further includes resistors respectively such
     that the direction of the potential difference obtained at one pair of
     opposite junctions of the bridge circuit is always constant although the
     magnitude thereof is varied depending on the direction of the magnetic
     field.
The output potential difference from the bridge circuit is amplified by a
     D.C. amplifier including an operational amplifier and a transistor to
     deliver an output voltage across a collector resistor of the transistor."
"Two closely spaced magnetostatically coupled magnetoresistive elements are
     arranged with their respective planar surfaces in parallel. A nonmagnetic
     insulating material is interposed between the elements to prevent exchange
     coupling. Sense current flows simultaneously through both elements in the
     same direction and in perpendicular to the easy axis of magnetization. In
     response to signal fields applied in parallel with the sense current flow
     demagnetization components in the easy axis direction cancel. The output
     signal of the transducer is independent of recording track width and free
     of Barkhausen noise."
"A magnetic head and a production method therefore in which permanent magnet
     films for applying a DC bias magnetic field Hd h to a magnetoresistive
     effect element film (MR element film) is arranged on both sides of the
     thickness dimension of the MR element film through at least a non-magnetic
     film therebetween. In making the MR element film thicker in order to
     reduce distortion, the DC bias magnetic field Hd b to be applied to the MR
     element film is also required to be increased. Unlike the prior art in
     which the above-mentioned requirement is met by increasing the thickness
     of the permanent magnet film under the thickness of the MR element film
     resulting in the problem of breakage of a film member above or under the
     thickness of the permanent magnet film, the invention further comprises a
     second permanent magnet film above the thickness of the MR element film
     without increasing the thickness of the first permanent magnet film. In
     the case of a magnetic head with a shield members of soft magnetic
     material holding the MR element film from both sides of the thickness
     thereof, the MR element film is made thicker to make reproduction possible
     without any distortion or without substantially increasing the gap. For
     this purpose, the MR element film is held on the sides above and under the
     thickness thereof by first and second permanent magnet films which in turn
     are held by the shield members. To minimize distribution of the MR element
     film, a comparatively high-temperature process after forming of the MR
     element film i.e., forming of the second permanent magnet film is effected
     at optimum temperature, and a magnetic field is applied along the magnetic
     easy axis of the MR element film."
"A method and device for detecting Neel wall segments in a cross-tie memory
     system involves applying a magnetic field to the Neel wall segments of a
     given polarity so that these Neel wall segments expand into a transverse
     domain. The transverse domain is then sensed with a magnetoresistive
     detector."
"A magnetoresistive bubble detector which includes an expander, a first and
     second detector element and a dummy element is disclosed. An expanded
     bubble is propagated from the first detector element to the second
     detector element. The detectors are coupled in pairs with the first
     element of one detector and the second element of the other detector
     connected in a bridge circuit with the dummy elements. Two independent
     streams of spaced-apart bubbles are detected within the bridge circuit."
"A magnetic bubble detector stretches a single magnetic bubble domain across
     two isolated magneto-resistive sensors so that only one of the sensors
     needs to be functional in order to detect the presence of a magnetic
     bubble. The magnetic bubble domain can be striped actively by a local
     field created by a current loop. Alternatively, if the magnetic bubble
     domain is stretched passively by propagation along a progressively
     widening pattern of magnetic elements, the pattern can be separated into
     two isolated patterns, one associated with each sensor, so that only one
     of the pattern/sensor pairs needs to be functional in order to detect the
     presence of a magnetic bubble.
An active bubble switch can be used as an alternative to the passive
     stretch array. The bubble switch is coupled to receive the activating
     current provided to one the sensors for directing magnetic bubble domains
     to that sensor in response to the application of an activating current to
     that sensor.
Finally, the terminals of the magneto-resistive elements are interconnected
     in such a way as to facilitate testing of the sensors or sensor/pattern
     pairs and selective disabling of one of the sensors or sensor/pattern
     pairs. This interconnection provides a redundant bubble detector having a
     minimum number of external connections which is easy to package, connect,
     test and use."
"A magnetic head having a magnetoresistive element of the type which is
     covered with one or more strips of electrically readily conducting
     material which extend at an angle of approximately 45.degree. with the
     longitudinal axis for causing a measuring current to flow through the
     element at an angle with the longitudinal axis. The magnetoresistive
     element bridges a gap between two components of magnetic material one of
     which is destined to cooperate with a magnetic recording medium. In this
     manner the edges of the element are magnetically short-circuited, which
     improves the linearity of the playback characteristic."
"A magnetic rotary encoder for detecting incremental angular displacement,
     angular velocity and rotating direction using magneto-resistors is
     disclosed. A drum, disk or cupshaped rotary member is attachable to a
     rotatable shaft. A magnetic medium is provided on a surface of the rotary
     member and is divided at a pitch p into a plurality of magnetic sections
     each of which has a magnetic signal recorded. The magnetic medium produces
     an alternating magnetic field as the rotary member revolves.
     Alternatively, a plurality of permanent magnets are provided on the
     surface of the rotary member to produce the alternating magnetic field of
     the rotary member revolves. A magnetic field detector includes at least
     one magneto-resistor having a stripe-like configuration with width D. The
     magneto-resistor is located in the vicinity of the rotary member so as to
     be spaced from the magnetic medium or the permanent magnets by equal to or
     less than p at its nearest portion and by equal to or less than 20p at its
     furthest portion. The width D is selected so as not to be in excess of 20p
     but to be equal or less than p .sec .phi., where .phi.  is an angle
     defined by the nearest surfaces of the magneto-resistor and the magnetic
     medium or permanent magnets. The magneto-resistor is responsive to the
     alternating magnetic field to generate an analog signal representative of
     its electrical resistance change corresponding to the increment of the
     rotational angle of the rotary member. A rotary condition detector is
     electrically connected to the magnetic field detector to receive the
     analog signal and produce signals indicative of the rotating conditions of
     the rotatable shaft."
"The transducer for perpendicular magnetic recording comprises a core of
     high permeability material having a recording pole and a flux return pole
     spaced apart and connected by an intermediate member forming an inverted
     generally U-shaped core. The cross sectional area of the flux return pole
     is substantially greater than that of the recording pole. Current applied
     to a coil wound around the recording pole generates flux for recording on
     the magnetic medium. A similarly shaped second core may be disposed on the
     opposite side of the medium with respect to the first core for providing a
     flux return path for the first core. A sub-core of high permeability
     material mounted on the flux return pole forms a gap with the recording
     pole to provide a ring-type head for data recovery. Current applied to a
     coil wound on the sub-core saturates the sub-core to render it ineffective
     during perpendicular magnetic writing. During reading the sub-core winding
     is de-energized, transforming the perpendicular magnetic recording head
     into a ring-type reading head. An alternative reading embodiment utilizes
     magneto-resistive elements disposed between the recording pole and the
     flux return pole."
"A magnetoresistive head assembly comprises a silicon substrate, a
     magnetoresistive element mounted on the substrate, and sapphire members
     formed around said substrate in a sandwich type configuration. The portion
     of the head which interacts in transducing relation with a magnetic medium
     is so configured as to realize improved wear characteristics as well as
     good heat dissipation with low thermal noise."
"A magnetic transduction device for reading and/or writing of data contained
     on a magnetic support such as a disc or magnetic tape comprises a magnetic
     circuit formed by two thin superposed magnetic layers magnetically coupled
     at one end and forming an air gap at the other end, and a coil between
     said thin magnetic layers formed by thin conductive layers separated by
     thin insulating layers. At least one of the thin conducting layers
     comprises at least one magnetoresistance."
"A technique and structure is described in which bubble domain devices can
     be made, and particularly bubble domain devices comprisng contiguous
     propagation elements. A thin magnetoresistive layer, such as permalloy, is
     blanket deposited over a substrate including a bubble domain film, and is
     then selectively ""poisoned"" to destroy its magnetization except in those
     areas where thin sensors are to be provided. The poisoned portions of the
     magnetoresistive layer serve as a plating base for conductor metallurgy
     which can be used as an ion implantation mask, and for carrying electrical
     current. This eliminates some process steps which had been required in the
     prior art, and does not leave magnetic permalloy in those areas of the
     bubble domain chip were they would adversely affect propagation of domains
     by ion implanted contiguous propagation elements. This technique can also
     be used to make bubble domain devices having gapped propagation elements."
"A thin-film bubble domain detection device for use in a magnetic bubble
     memory comprises two metallic conductor leads formed with sloped opposing
     edges on the SiO.sub.2 spacer layer of a garnet substrate and a permalloy
     magnetoresistive sensing element formed therebetween. A method for making
     the device uses a first photoresist mask in ion milling in a conductor
     layer to expose an area of spacer, followed by deposit of a permalloy film
     over the substrate and onto the exposed spacer before removal of the first
     mask. Extraneous permalloy is lifted off when the first photoresist is
     removed. A second mask is used to simultaneously ion mill the final
     conductor lead and sensing element configurations. In one embodiment,
     first and second dielectric layers are added to the device to improve
     bubble propagation and provide an easily planned product."
"A thin-film magnetic head for writing information in and reading
     information from a track of a magnetic recording medium in which the head
     comprises a magnetically permeable yoke having two limbs between which a
     writing/reading gap is formed. In a construction in which the limbs of the
     yoke overlap each other at the area of the writing/reading gap, they are
     bridged by a magneto-resistive reading element at a location remote from
     the reading/writing gap. A conductor is provided in some forms of the
     invention which extends intermediate the laterally overlapping limbs. This
     conductor is utilized for producing a writing flux in the magnetic yoke.
     Another conductor may be provided which extends through a window or
     opening in the yoke, which is remote from the reading/writing gap. This
     other conductor is utilized during writing operation to maximize
     efficiency."
"A magnetic tape recording head comprises a strip of magneto-resistive
     material whose magnetic field/resistance change characteristic is in the
     form of two mirror image nonlinear curves starting at the origin of the
     graph. The strip is energized with a constant current and the voltage
     across it is fed to two sample and hold circuits. These are respectively
     triggered by antiphase pulses and the samples from the two sample and hold
     circuits are fed to the respective inputs of a differential amplifier. A
     bias conductor alongside the magneto-resistive strip is energized with
     pulses having the same polarity as, and synchronous with, the sampling
     pulses so as to bias the strip to predetermined points which are
     alternately on the positive and negative parts of the graph. The overall
     effective characteristic is therefore the sum of one part of the graph and
     the inverted other part, and is substantially linear."
"Apparatus is provided for sensing an external magnetic field. This
     apparatus is comprised of first and second coplanar magnetoresistive
     elements, each magnetoresistive element having a main current conducting
     path and also having anisotropic resistance as a function of the direction
     of the resultant magnetic field applied thereto. First and second equal
     bias magnetic fields are supplied to the first and second magnetoresistive
     elements, respectively, these bias magnetic fields being supplied at
     different angles with respect to their associated magnetoresistive
     elements. In one embodiment, the current conducting paths of the
     magnetoresistive elements are perpendicular to each other, and the
     respective bias magnetic fields extend in opposite directions, these
     directions being parallel to one of the main current conducting paths. In
     another embodiment, the main current conducting paths of the respective
     magnetoresistive elements extend in the same direction, and the respective
     bias magnetic fields are at an angle of, for example .+-.45.degree. to
     these main current conducting paths. The first and second magnetoresistive
     elements are connected in series with each other, and a d.c. current is
     supplied to this series connection. An output signal representing the
     magnitude of an external magnetic field as supplied to the
     magnetoresistive elements is derived from the junction formed by the
     series-connected elements."
"A flux extender or guide for a magnetic read head having a magnetoresistive
     read element. The element is mounted on a substrate, contained, for
     example, in a hand-held wand structure. The element is spaced from the
     contact portion of the wand, to permit a small amount of wear of the head
     to take place, before the read element comes into contact with the record
     media. In order to increase the spacing between the magnetoresistive
     element and the contact portion of the wand, the flux guide or extender is
     utilized. The flux guide or extender is a wedge-shaped piece of
     magnetizable material.
At the end of the flux guide closest to the read element, the guide is
     approximately as wide as the element and tapers down to approximately
     three quarters of its top width at the lower end of the guide. The guide
     is of uniform thickness and thicker than the read element. The
     cross-sectional area is selected to be from two to three times the
     cross-sectional area of the read element. The flux guide is preferably
     fabricated from a magnetic material which is non-corrosive or less
     corrosive than the read element and having a higher value of flux density
     than the element. The width of the guide at the lower end is less than the
     width of the element, which permits higher density of magnetized bits per
     inch to be decoded. Also, the length of the guide is less than the minimum
     distance between flux transitions for good resolution."
"A new semiconductive device for sensing uniaxial magnetic fields is
     described. The sensor is essentially a dual collector lateral bipolar
     transistor operated in the avalanche region. Each of the collectors
     exhibits two space charge resistance effects. One effect produces a
     negative resistance and the other produces a positive resistance. When the
     two space charge resistances are carefully balanced, a net zero collector
     resistance is achieved. A balanced condition can be maintained for a broad
     range of collector currents. A vertical VI property is thereby achieved.
     It has been found that the positive space charge resistance characteristic
     is inversely proportional to the ionization area and that the negative
     component is proportional to the area in the avalanche zone at each
     collector. It has been found that a magnetic field can modulate the
     ionization areas at the collector junctions. The area modulated results in
     modulation of the positive and negative space charge resistances at each
     collector and a resultant shift in the avalanche voltage occurs for each
     collector. A differential output may be obtained since the modulation
     effect operates oppositely on each of the collector junction areas. This
     mechanism accounts for the linear and differential magnetoresistive
     behavior of the device."
"A magnetic head assembly for recording and playing back information on a
     recording medium in a vertically magnetized mode. Main and auxiliary heads
     are provided opposite one another with the recording medium passing
     therebetween. The main head includes a core of material exhibiting a
     magnetoresistance effect to which core are attached leads which carry the
     output play back signal. The auxiliary head has a magnetic core around
     which is wrapped a winding carrying the recording current. The recorded
     information patterns have their primary magnetic field components
     perpendicular to the surface of the recording medium."
"A magnetic reading head having a magnetoresistive element which is
     connected to a reading amplifier. In order to reduce the modulation noise
     (Barkhausen effect) when making the relationship between the resistance
     variation and the strength of the signal field linear in a negative
     feedback loop of the reading amplifier an electric turn is present which
     turn is positioned relative to the magnetoresistive element in such manner
     that a negative feedback field (Ht) can be generated with it which causes
     a magnetic flux in the element which is directed oppositely to the
     magnetic flux caused in the element by a magnetic field (H.sub.y) to be
     detected."
"A magnetic transducer head having first and second magneto-resistance
     effect elements, each of which is made of a thin film having the
     magneto-resistance effect and which are arranged on approximately one
     line, a current source for flowing currents through the first and second
     magneto-resistance effect elements, and a bias source for applying bias
     magnetic fields to the first and second magneto-resistance effect
     elements. In this case, the bias magnetic field is selected from bias
     magnetic fields which have the direction of about
     .+-.(.pi./4).+-.(n/2).pi., where n is an integer, with respect to the
     currents flowing through the first and second magneto-resistance effect
     elements, and the current source and the bias source are so connected that
     when a uniform signal magnetic field is applied to the first and second
     magneto-resistance effect elements, the resistances thereof are varied in
     the opposite directions with respect to each other and the outputs from
     the first and second magneto-resistance effect elements are derived
     differentially."
"An integrated, multitrack, magnetic reading head in which a Hall effect or
     magneto-resistive material strip is deposited on a silicon substrate. The
     voltages produced in this strip are sampled by a group of amplifiers for
     the parallel-charging of a charge-coupled device, which is then read in
     series to obtain the output signal. Lateral tracks energize circuits
     making it possible by means of two resistive lines and a system of
     comparators to open the input gates of the charge-coupled device in order
     to correct the skew of the reading head."
"A magnetic rotary encoder for detecting the absolute value of an angular
     displacement using magneto-resistors is disclosed. A drum, disk or
     cup-shaped rotary member is attachable to a rotatable shaft. A magnetic
     medium divided into a plurality of tracks is provided on a surface of the
     rotary member. Each of the tracks produces magnetic fields changing in
     magnitude and direction as the rotary member revolves. Alternatively, a
     plurality of permanent magnets are provided on the surface of the rotary
     member to produce the alternating magnetic field as the rotary member
     revolves. A plurality of magneto-resistors are provided in the vicinity of
     the rotating paths of the tracks and produce analog signals indicative of
     changes in their electrical resistances. A rotary condition detector
     receives the analog signals and produces digital signals and/or an analog
     signal indicative of the angular distance moved by the rotatable shaft in
     an absolute value."
"Method of and apparatus for monitoring a waste influent stream to a waste
     treatment biological basin which contains active microorganisms for levels
     of materials that are toxic or otherwise injurious to the microorganisms
     in the basin involving the (a) measurement of the rate of oxygen uptake,
     R, in a first sample of mixed liquor from said basin, the first sample
     having a predetermined volume and a predetermined dissolved oxygen
     content; (b) measurement of the rate of oxygen uptake, M, in a mixture of
     a second sample of mixed liquor taken from said basin and a sample of
     liquid from said waste influent stream, the second sample of mixed liquor
     having substantially the same volume and dissolved oxygen content as said
     first sample; (c) computation of the differential, M-R; (d) provision of a
     toxic condition signal when said differential, M-R, is lower than a
     predetermined value indicating a toxic effect of the influent stream
     sample on the sample of mixed liquor from the basin; and/or provision of
     an undue oxygen depletion signal when the differential, M-R, is higher
     than a predetermined value indicating an amount of highly degradable
     material in the influent stream capable of causing undue oxygen depletion
     and bulking and loss of microorganisms in the final clarifier effluent;
     (e) diverting said influent stream to a holding zone separate from said
     basin when said toxic condition signal or undue oxygen depletion is
     indicated."
"A magneto resistive transducer arrangement in which a magneto resistive
     transducer element is biassed by a periodic bidirectional magnetic field.
     A lack of coincidence between a minimum in the resistance of the element
     and a zero in the biassing field indicates the presence of an external
     field. The arrangement may be used for recovering information in a
     magnetisable record medium."
"A thin film magnetic head assembly incorporates a nonconductive magnetic
     substrate which serves as a first pole piece and a thin film magnetic
     layer for the second pole piece. A magnetoresistive (MR) element is
     disposed between the pole pieces. During the write mode, the MR element
     serves as a partial write turn to enhance the write signal current applied
     to a conductor means. During the read mode, the conductor means serves as
     a magnetic shield, and the transducing gap is effectively narrowed."
"A water meter eliminates the usual conversion gear trains by using a
     permanent magnet which rotates in proportion to the volume of water to be
     measured. A magnetic field sensor, comprising a ferromagnetic
     magnetoresistor, produces a sensor signal which varies as a function of
     the rotation of the magnet. A wave shaper forms the sensor signal into a
     sequence of pulses which drive a totalizer for producing a signal
     indicative of the volume of the water used. The output of the totalizer is
     supplied to an indicator device which displays the total amount of water
     passing through the meter, in terms of a predetermined unit of measure.
     Preferably, the sensor comprises at least two magnetoresistors for
     producing two sensor signals with a phase difference therebetween. The
     wave shaper then produces two pulse sequences for identifying a normal and
     an inverse flow of water, respectively. These two sequences cause the
     totalizer to count up or down, respectively."
"A semiconductor magnetoresistive element with at least one intermediate
     terminal comprises first and second electrodes formed at opposite ends of
     a magnetosensitive portion of the semiconductor magnetoresistive element,
     a third electrode interposed between the first and second electrodes, and
     a plurality of shorting bars disposed, with electrical isolation from each
     other, on at least one of respective sections of the magnetosensitive
     portion between the first and third electrodes and between the second and
     third electrodes, whereby the magnetic sensitivity characteristic of the
     magnetosensitive section between the first and third electrodes is
     rendered different from that of the magnetosensitive section between the
     second and third electrodes."
"A system for generating and processing pulses representing information,
     from two pseudoperiodic analog signals along two interconnected channels.
     Each pseudoperiodic signal is generated by a separate magnetoresistor and
     is converted in an associated channel into two series of pulses.
     Conversion is effected by means of threshold switching circuits which
     control the operation of a bistable flip-flop via a combining circuit. The
     output of the bistable flip-flop in each channel is cross-connected to one
     input of a combining circuit in the other channel, the other input of
     which is a low threshold signal corresponding to the pseudoperiodic signal
     fed to that channel. The gate produces the logic product of its inputs
     which drives a flip-flop. The output of the flip-flop is terminated by a
     reset pulse derived from a zero reset stage."
"An improved ignition circuit for internal combustion engines is described
     herein, in which a diode is connected in parallel to a primary winding of
     an ignition coil of a magneto, and a composite transistor circuit
     consisting of two transistors whose forward direction is directed in the
     reverse direction of said diode, is connected across said primary winding
     at its collector and emitter, whereby overheating of said transistors
     caused by a primary reverse current of said magneto ignition coil flowing
     into the transistors can be prevented and also proper ignition timing can
     be maintained. In addition, in the improved ignition circuit a series
     circuit of a temperature compensating resistor and a resistor is connected
     between the base of said composite transistor circuit and one terminal of
     said primary winding, an anode-cathode path of a thyristor-equivalent
     circuit in which a collector of a PNP transistor is connected to a base of
     an NPN transistor and the base of said PNP transistor is connected to the
     collector of said NPN transistor, is connected between the junction of
     said temperature compensating resistor and said resistor and the other
     terminal of said primary winding, and the gate of said
     thyristor-equivalent circuit is connected to the base of said composite
     transistor circuit, whereby a primary forward current through said primary
     winding can be steeply cut off to provide a spark discharge at an
     especially high voltage."
"In the continuous measurement and control of deviations in cross-section of
     slivers with constant relative sensitivity which is independent of the
     adjusted set value with respect to this set value, the sliver is guided
     between a grooved roller and a feeler roller which contact each other in
     the absence of the sliver between the grooved roller and the feeler
     roller. The changes in the position of the feeler roller are converted
     into rotational movements of a lever shaft and thus into changes of
     direction of a measuring tab. The measuring tab is arranged eccentrically
     on the lever shaft.
A sensor is movable by means of a lead spindle which is perpendicular to
     the lever shaft and lies in a plane determined by the lever shaft and by
     the axis of the feeler roller in the absence of sliver between the
     rollers. This sensor preferably has a magneto-resistor. The changes in
     direction of the measuring tab are, therefore, transformed into fault
     signals of the magneto-resistor, the fault signals being used to control
     the thickness of the sliver."
"A pick-up device for reading out information which has been recorded on a
     magnetic medium. The device comprises a substrate and a layer of soft
     magnetic material overlying a surface of the substrate, the easy axis or
     direction of magnetization being normal to the surface and the magnetic
     material having properties capable of having magnetic bubble domains
     generated and propagated therein, so that when the pick-up device is used
     to read out information from a magnetic medium, patterns of magnetic
     domains are formed in the layer of magnetic material corresponding to the
     patterns of the recorded information. Although the magnetic material is of
     the type capable of having magnetic bubble domains generated and
     propagated therein, there is no need to provide the usual bias field for
     maintaining the bubble domains or for providing domain-transport or
     domain-annihilating fields. In one use of the pick-up device, light is
     transmitted through the substrate and through the layer of magnetic
     material to be reflected from a layer of light-reflective material back
     through the magnetic material and the substrate, whereby the polarization
     of the reflected light is rotated, relative to the polarization of the
     transmitted light, by an amount determined by the patterns of magnetic
     domains formed in the layer of magnetic material. Hence, the recorded
     information can be optically read from the magnetic medium. In another use
     of this device, a magnetoresistive head is disposed on the substrate, the
     resistance of this magnetoresistive head being varied as a function of the
     patterns of magnetic domains formed in the layer of magnetic material."
"An MR head is disclosed in which the MR element is deposited onto a
     sapphire substrate with a particular crystallographic orientation and a
     sapphire closure piece also having a particular crystallographic
     orientation is used. The substrate has the MR element deposited onto
     either the {0001} or the {1120} plane with the {1100} plane being oriented
     as the wear surface. The closure piece has either the {1120} or the {0001}
     plane facing the MR material and the {1100} plane oriented as the wear
     surface."
"Measurements of radiation exposure below 1 mR are possible with a BeO
     ceramic thermoluminescent detector (TLD) by treating the TL signal in a
     manner that discriminates against an interferring pyroelectric
     incandescence (PI). This is accomplished by differentiating the signals
     electronically to cause the composite signal to cross the baseline. A
     zero-crossing detector then senses and clips the negative-going portion of
     the signal. The resultant signal is integrated, producing a result wherein
     the true TL signal is substantially greater than the PI signal."
"A pressure sensor comprises essentially magnetoresistive elements formed on
     a diaphragm serving as a stress magnifier. The diaphragm may be made, for
     example, of glass in a thickness of 0.5 millimeter, and the
     magnetoresistive elements can be formed thereon in any desired pattern of
     thin stripes by ordinary thin-film techniques. Such sensor elements can be
     mass produced, e.g., by vapor deposition and etching on a large sheet of
     diaphragm material and cutting into chips of desired shape and size."
"A magnetic transducer and method of operation is disclosed for removing the
     effect of interference magnetic fields present when detecting information
     magnetically coded on a carrier. The transducer is provided with a
     magnetoresistive compensating element disposed to develop a voltage in
     response to the interference magnetic fields equal to that developed
     across a magnetoresistive detecting element; however, the compensating
     element is positioned out of the magnetic leakage field of the coded
     information."
"A magnetic transducer and method of operation is disclosed for removing the
     effect of interference magnetic fields present when detecting information
     magnetically coded on a carrier. The transducer is provided with a
     magnetoresistive compensating element disposed to develop a voltage in
     response to the interference magnetic fields equal to that developed
     across a magnetoresistive detecting element; however, the compensating
     element is positioned out of the magnetic leakage field of the coded
     information."
"The discovery of a magnetoresistive effect in oriented, crystalline,
     semiconducting iron garnet materials is used to design devices which
     detect the presence or orientation of magnetic fields. The principal
     measure of this effect is that the resistance between two electrodes (12)
     on the garnet body (11) varies as an imposed magnetic field (14, 15)
     produces a change in the direction of the magnetization of the body (11).
     This effect is useful when the garnet is so constituted as to possess a
     resistivity from 10.sup.3 to 10.sup.7 ohm-centimeters. Also, the
     anisotropy field of the garnet body must be comparable to less than the
     magnitude of the magnetic field to be detected. One aspect of particular
     utility for magnetic ""bubble"" detectors (in magnetic bubble memories) is
     the isotropic character of the resistance when the magnetization is varied
     in the (111) plane but the significant change of resistance when the
     magnetization is moved to the [111] direction."
"A method of manufacture for forming a novel magnetic read/write transducer
     head of the type utilizing thin film materials. The method of manufacture
     comprises steps which deposit a thin film magnetic recording head on a
     selected substrate having dimensions which enable batch manufacture of a
     thin film magnetic transducer in combination with its supporting slider
     assembly. The substrate of selected material in thick wafer form is
     subjected to a series of thin film deposition, etching and plating
     operations to form a plurality of thin film magnetic heads thereon.
     Thereafter, the substrate wafer is diced around each thin magnetic
     transducer head with subsequent finishing and polishing to requisite shape
     thereby to yield the complete slider and transducer head assembly. A
     particular form of thin film magnetic transducer head is further novel in
     that the head utilizes shield and pole pieces that are formed as
     multi-layer thin film pairs of magnetic material as deposited in order and
     formation to contain the magnetoresistive stripe and operative elements.
     The multi-layer pole depositions may be further altered as to number of
     thin film layers and thickness thereof in order to shape the magnetic
     fields associated therewith, especially as regards the trailing edge or
     write pole formation."
"A magnetoresistance detector linearly stretching single bits of binary
      inmation such as those represented by Bloch line - crosstie pairs, along
     the major dimension of a thin magnetic film strip such as a serriform
     crosstie memory. The detector circuit is overlaid upon the thin magnetic
     film strip. In a selected area, less pronounced serrations in the adjacent
     margins, in conjunction with a magnetic field created by current through
     the detector circuit enable Bloch lines entering the area to travel
     farther. A series of oriented open segments in the overlain section of the
     detector circuit, arranged in symmetric correspondence with serrations in
     the adjacent margins, enhances the difference between logical zero and one
     signals in the detector circuit."
"An electromagnetic transducer particularly of the magneto-resistive (MR)
     type is biased by an inductive circuit means and operates within the
     linear portion of its characteristic curve. The inductive circuit means is
     interconnected to the output terminals of said transducer. An amplifier
     means is connected to the output terminals of the transducer and the
     inductive circuit means. The amplifier means is also biased by the
     inductive circuit means. The biasing scheme is enhanced when a gyrator is
     used as the inductive circuit means."
"A magnetic converter having a magnetoresistive element, the resistance of
     which is measured by means of an alternating current having a frequency
     which is larger than 8.rho./.mu.D, where .rho. is the resistivity, .mu.
     the magnetic permeability and D the cross-section of the element so that
     the current distribution is concentrated at the edges of the element due
     to the resultant lateral skin effect."
"To provide for electronically controlled spark advance of the ignition
     instant in a transistorized magneto ignition system, the ignition instant
     is controlled by a threshold switch responsive to voltage generated by the
     magneto, the threshold being connected to a timing circuit which includes
     a resistance network therein, the resistance value of which is variable
     with respect to operating speed of the engine. The resistance network
     includes a R/C timing circuit which, as the speed of the engine increases,
     presents a respectively smaller resistance value to rapidly recurring
     signals from the magneto so that, effectively, the resistance value of the
     timing circuit controlling current flow through the threshold circuit is
     decreased, causing a shift in the ignition instant, the circuit being
     arranged to advance the spark with respect to upper dead center (UDC)
     position of the piston of the engine."
"A digital-to-analog converter utilizing magnetic domains with particular
     application to addressing large capacity bubble memory modules
     economically and with as short a delay as one cycle of rotation of the
     magnetic in-plane field including a plurality of storage loops and
     magnetoresistive sensors arranged in bridge networks to produce signals
     whose amplitude denote a weighted binary digit."
"A magnetic head in which two magnetoresistive elements are disposed in
     parallel to patterns recorded on a magnetic recording medium and spaced
     apart from each other by a distance shorter than a minimum interval of the
     recorded patterns, the magnetoresistive elements being each disposed
     between adjacent ones of magnetic shields through an insulator. A magnetic
     recorded data readout device employs the magnetic head and generates an
     output proportional to a composite difference resistance obtained by
     differentially combining resistance variations of the two magnetoresistive
     elements. A device is provided for detecting the position of magnetization
     transition of the recorded pattern and the direction of relative movement
     of the magnetic head to the magnetic recording medium from the zero cross
     point, and the direction of inclination of the waveform of the output
     generated by the magnetic recorded data readout device."
"In an ignition system having a magneto, the ignition timing is advanced
     when the engine speed exceeds a predetermined speed, by abruptly changing
     the voltage applied to the base of a transistor having an
     emitter-collector circuit connected in series with the primary winding of
     the ignition coil. The change in base voltage is such that the primary
     current flowing before the ignition time is decreased, increasing the
     primary voltage and thereby advancing the ignition time when the speed of
     the engine reaches the predetermined speed. The abrupt change is generated
     by opening or closing a switch which connects a resistor in series or
     parallel, respectively, with a resistor connected to the base of the
     transistor. The speed dependent switch may be a transistor whose
     conductive or non-conductive state is determined by the charge and
     discharge of a capacitor which, in turn, varies as a function of engine
     speed."
"An electronic magneto ignition for internal combustion engines has a
     permanent magnet mounted on the engine fly wheel and rotating therewith. A
     magnetic field coil has a primary winding and a secondary winding in which
     ignition current and ignition voltage, respectively, are produced during
     the passage of the permanent magnet. A switching transistor is connected
     in parallel with the primary winding and in parallel with a diode poled
     opposite to the emitter-collector path of the transistor. An electronic
     control circuit blocks the switching transistor at the desired ignition
     time so that the primary circuit is interrupted and the high voltage for
     the combustion of the fuel is produced in the secondary winding. In the
     electronic control circuit, a parallel circuit consisting of a first
     control coil, which has a resistor in series therewith, and a thyristor is
     connected from the base to the emitter of the switching transistor.
     Another resistor is connected from the collector of the switching
     transistor, as a feedback resistor, to the control electrode of the
     thyristor. A second control coil has a potentiometer connected in
     parallel, the potentiometer having a movable tap so that a portion of the
     voltage applied to the resistor is fed to the control electrode of the
     thyristor. The first control coil is arranged at an angle from the
     ignition coil and the second control coil is arranged at an angle from the
     first control coil, as viewed in the direction of rotation of the fly
     wheel."
"The present invention discloses an ignition system for internal combustion
     engines. The ignition system is particularly applicable to such engines
     including a magneto.
The ignition system includes a semi-conductor ignition circuit in which a
     first transistor has its collector-emitter conduction path connected in
     series with the primary winding of an ignition coil assembly. A resistor
     is connected between base and collector of the first transistor to permit
     it to conduct. A control circuit connected between the base of the first
     transistor and the primary winding, turns the first trnasistor off when it
     is desired to interrupt the primary winding current.
The ignition system also includes a magneto ignition coil assembly which
     has a low inductance primary winding having a relatively low number of
     turns. The coil assemblies of the present invention are generally
     unsuitable for use with conventional mechanical breaker points."
"In a bubble memory system having a detector device for sensing the presence
     or absence of magnetic bubbles in a bubble stream and producing an output
     signal accordingly which is sensed by a differential sense amplifier
     having a clamp circuit to select the voltage level with which the signal
     is to be compared at a sampling time and a strobe circuit for sampling the
     signal at the preselected time, a dynamic input signal offset for
     enhancing the signal-to-noise factor at the input to the sense amplifier
     so that a signal representing an absence of a bubble is clearly
     distinguishable over a bubble presence signal. This invention disclosed is
     disclosed as operable with a d.phi./dt or magnetoresistive bridge type
     detectors and comprises means for shifting the signal level negatively by
     providing a negative going pulse just after the time the clamp circuit is
     released and while the signal is being sampled. In one embodiment of this
     invention, the negative going pulse is applied inductively and in another
     embodiment the negative going pulse is applied capacitively. The point of
     implementation of the dynamic input signal may be either within the bubble
     device itself or contained in a circuit board to which both the bubble
     device and sense amplifier interfaces."
"A device for reading information-representing magnetization patterns by
     means of a magneto-resistive element. The magneto-resistive element is in
     magnetic flux coupling with a plurality of magnetization patterns
     simultaneously. A desired portion of the element is selected for reading
     by influencing such portion by the external magnetic field of a magnetic
     bubble domain. Information positions can be read in sequence by moving the
     bubble domain along magneto-resistive element."
"A thin-film magnetic head for writing information in and reading
     information from a track of a magnetic recording medium in which the head
     comprises a magnetically permeable yoke having two limbs between which a
     writing/reading gap is formed. In a construction in which the limbs of the
     yoke are opposite to each other, one limb is interrupted by a gap which is
     bridged by a magneto-resistive reading element."
"A magnetic reading device having two electrically series-arranged
     magnetoresistive elements, in particular for interference compensation and
     positioning control. A pattern of equipotential strips is provided on each
     element to adjust the quiescent angle .alpha. between the direction of
     magnetisation and the direction of current passage of one element between
     30.degree. and 60.degree. and between 210.degree. and 240.degree.,
     respectively, and that of the other element at 360.degree. - .alpha. and
     180.degree. - .alpha., respectively, the device has for various
     applications an automatic compensation of the signals across the elements
     so that the use of difference amplifiers is superfluous. In addition, due
     to this adjustment, the reproduction characteristics has a linear
     variation."
"A magnetic reading head having a magneto-resistive element of the
     non-magnetically biased type, in which the current is forced to flow
     through the element at an angle with the easy axis of magnetization. For
     adjusting the dynamic range of the element, the element is subjected to a
     variable strength auxiliary field having a direction of which is parallel
     to the easy axis of magnetization."
"A magnetic reading head having a magneto-resistive element of the type in
     which the measuring current is forced to flow through the element at an
     angle with the easy axis of magnetization. For suppressing thermal noise
     (resistance variations under the influence of temperature fluctuations as
     a result of the contact of the element with a moving record carrier), the
     element is subjected to an auxiliary field parallel to the easy axis of
     magnetization, the direction of which is reversed at a frequency f.sub.s.
     The measuring current alternates at the same frequency in phase with the
     reversals of the auxiliary field. The output signal of the element is
     applied through a low-pass filter which cuts off signals of a frequency
     f.sub.s to a detection device."
"A displacement transducer in which two toothed members have magnetic poles
     arranged in alternating sequence. The toothed members cooperate so that
     one magnetic pole on one of the members is spaced from a magnetic pole of
     opposite polarity on the other member. The magnetic poles, furthermore,
     are spaced so that magnetic flux lines pass through the space or air gap
     between poles of opposite polarity. A magneto-resistive element is held
     within that air gap between magnetic poles, and is intercepted by the
     magnetic flux lines. This magneto-resistive element has an electrical
     resistance which is dependent on the angular orientation and magnitude of
     the flux lines with respect to the element. By measuring the electrical
     resistance of the magneto-resistive element, the angular orientation of
     the flux lines and thereby the relative displacement of the toothed
     members may be obtained. The toothed members may have the form of gear
     racks for measuring linear displacements, or they may be in the form of
     face gears for providing torque measurements. An electrical bridge
     connected to the magneto-resistive element provides the indicated
     displacement measurement."
"In thin film magnetic transducers, e.g., inductive or magnetoresistive
     recording heads, at least a pair of layers of a ferromagnetic material and
     an antiferromagnetic material are deposited upon one another and exchange
     coupled to retain a unidirectional bias in the plane of the ferromagnetic
     material. When multiple pairs of layers are used, they are separated by
     layers of nonmagnetic material. In some cases, successive pairs of layers
     of material with unidirectional bias have their directions of bias
     pointing in opposite directions. The domain walls in the layers of
     material are minimized by this technique."
"A portable gamma radiation dose rate meter suitable for use over 3 or 4
     decades over the dose rate range 0.1 mR/hr and 1000 R/hr which
     incorporates an ion chamber or other radiation detector and a null
     deflection readout system using a calibrated potentiometer and two single
     light emitting diodes as high and low indicators."
"A thin-film magnetic head for writing information in and reading
     information from a track of a magnetic recording medium in which the head
     comprises a magnetically permeable yoke having two limbs between which a
     writing and reading gap is formed. In a construction in which the limbs of
     the yoke are opposite to each other, one limb is interrupted by a gap
     which is bridged by a magneto-resistive reading element. In a construction
     in which the limbs of the yoke overlap each other at the area of the
     writing/reading gap, they are bridged by a magneto-resistive reading
     element in another place."
"Two magnetoresistive (MR) elements are connected with two matched impedance
     elements in a bridge arrangement for sensing magnetic flux manifesting
     information recorded on magnetic media. An alternating current (AC) bias
     is applied to the bridge's input, and short-term variations in the bridge
     output signal envelope are detected as representing recorded information.
     Long-term (average) variations in the signal envelope are also detected
     and used to adjust the AC bias to maintain a constant average envelope.
     Additional bridge inputs may be connected in parallel with the first, and
     the additional bridges' outputs used to derive additional information
     signals without any additional AC bias adjustment circuits."
"Disclosed are magnetic domain (bubble) memory arrays and correlator type
     memory arrays in uniaxially anisotropic crystals which utilize wavering
     loop conductor patterns at each bit location defining three contiguous
     magnetic domain retaining regions. On current reversal a bubble in the
     center loop of a wavering loop pattern will be equally attracted to either
     of the outside loops. Decision control is provided by a second array of
     two conductor lines interposed between the respective domain retaining
     regions. These control conductors establish an aiding or inhibiting
     magnetic field when current flows through them. In an alternate design a
     correlator function is obtained by using bubbles retained in previously
     disclosed bistable loops as memory elements and interrogating them by
     means of auxiliary bubbles driven by adjacent wavering loops. In
     operation, the bistable conductor loops defining the two memory states are
     placed on either side of a crystalline platelet to jointly define two
     domain retaining memory regions. The presence of a bubble at either memory
     site is sensed by its repulsion of an adjacent interrogating bubble
     controlled by a wavering loop pattern. Magnetoresistive sensors are placed
     in sensing relationship to one of the three regions defined by the
     wavering loop conductor pattern."
"A magnetic head for detecting information-representing magnetic fields on a
     magnetic recording medium and comprising an elongate magneto-resistive
     element of a magnetically anisotropic material which at its ends has
     contacts for connection to a current or voltage source. In order to
     linearize the playback characteristic of the element, the easy axis of
     magnetization coincides with the longitudinal direction of the element and
     means are present which force the current to travel at an angle of minimum
     15.degree. and maximum 75.degree. with the longitudinal direction. These
     means consist in particular of equipotential strips provided on the
     element."
"The ideal response expected of an electromagnetic transducer, particularly
     of the Magneto-Resistive (M-R) type, obtains with signal translating
     circuitry for amplifying the varying signal produced and for dynamically
     biasing the transducer for maintaining the transducing operation in the
     linear portions of the characteristics of both the transducer and the
     amplifying circuitry. An M-R transducer is connected to the input circuit
     of alternating signal differential amplifying circuitry for delivering the
     desired signal at output terminals. The offset voltage across the
     transducer is compensated by differentially biasing input transistors of
     the amplifying circuitry. Biasing direct current through and/or voltage
     across the M-R transducer is controlled by a circuit connected to the
     output terminal and responsive to the signal thereat for developing a
     slowly inversely varying unidirectional voltage, preferably within a low
     pass filter interposed in the control circuit for stability. A current
     handling device, conveniently a transistor having the control voltage
     applied to a base electrode, is connected in series with the transducer
     for dynamically adjusting the unidirectional biasing current flowing
     therethrough."
"A magnetic head having a magnetoresistive element. The element comprises a
     center tap, while on the left-hand half a pattern of equipotential strips
     is provided at an angle with the longitudinal direction of approximately
     45.degree. and on the right-hand half a pattern of equipotential strips is
     provided at an angle of approximately 135.degree. with the longitudinal
     direction. The halves are each controlled with a current source and their
     output signals are subtracted from each other. The relation between the
     resistance of the total element and the value of external magnetic fields
     is more linear than in known magnetic heads having a magnetoresistive
     element and thermal noise is eliminated."
"A magnetic bubble domain device including a magnetoresistive element for
     detecting the presence of bubble domains which are stretched in a
     direction orthogonal to the propagation direction of the bubble domains."
